>> [MUSIC]
- >> GIVE IT UP, LADIES AND
- ã»ã’ã»ã’ ðŸ¤
GENTLEMEN, FOR THIS
EXTRAORDINARY ATTIRE, THE NEW
AND IMPROVED "STONE COLD" STEVE
AUSTIN AND THE NEW LOOK.
>> YES.
>> THE CORPORATE MAKEOVER IS NOT
GETTING A BIG OVATION HERE, IS
IT?
>> [MUSIC]
>> LAST WEEK, IT APPEARED AS IF
WWE OWNER, VINCE MCMAHON, HAD
SUCCESSFULLY MOLDED "STONE COLD"
STEVE AUSTIN INTO HIS OWN
PERSONAL CORPORATE CHAMPION
UNTIL...
>> THE NEW STONE COLD WANTS YOU
TO TAKE THIS CAMERA AND GET THE
FILM DEVELOPED, BECAUSE THIS IS
THE ABSOLUTE LAST TIME YOU WILL
EVER SEE "STONE COLD" STEVE
AUSTIN WEARING A RIDICULOUS SUIT
LIKE THIS SON OF A -- I GOT.
>> I KNEW IT, I KNEW IT, I KNEW
IT.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
>> THE HELL WITH MY CORPORATE
IMAGE.
>> WHY, VINCE?
>> RATTLESNAKES DON'T MAKE
CORPORATE PETS.
>> "STONE COLD" STEVE AUSTIN HAS
VOWED THAT HIS ISSUES WITH HIS
BOSS, VINCE MCMAHON, WILL BE
SETTLED ONCE AND FOR ALL TONIGHT
ON RAW IS WAR.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HELLO AGAIN, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, AND WELCOME TO WWE
RAW.
SIXTEEN THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND
THIRTY-SEVEN FANS HAVE SOLD OUT
THE CORESTATES CENTER HERE IN
PHILADELPHIA.
THE CITY OF BROTHERLY LOVE IS
READY FOR WWE RAW.
HI AGAIN, EVERYBODY.
I'M JIM ROSS ALONGSIDE MICHAEL
COLE.
AND IS THIS CROWD JACKED OR
WHAT?
AND, FOLKS, LET ME TELL YOU, WE
FOUND OUT LATE LAST WEEK THAT
"STONE COLD" STEVE AUSTIN IS
GONNA BE HERE SOME TIME TONIGHT.
AND HE'S GONNA SETTLE THE ISSUES
WITH VINCE MCMAHON ONE WAY OR
ANOTHER.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> AND, JR, IT APPEARS AS IF
STONE COLD AIN'T WASTING ANY
TIME.
HERE COMES THE RATTLESNAKE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS OVATION?
>> WHAT I WANNA DO RIGHT NOW IS
GIVE SOMETHING STRAIGHTENED UP
BETWEEN "STONE COLD" STEVE
AUSTIN AND ONE VINCE MCMAHON.
VINCE, YOU MIGHT AS WELL BRING
YOUR -- DOWN HERE RIGHT NOW,
BECAUSE I'LL SIT--YOU KNOW, I'LL
SIT IN THIS RING ALL NIGHT LONG
UNTIL YOU DO COME OUT.
I'M HOLDING UP THE WHOLE DAMN
SHOW AND I'LL GIVE YOU THIS.
IF YOU COME OUT, I GIVE YOU MY
WORD, I WON'T KNOCK YOUR DAMN
LIGHTS OUT.
I JUST WANNA TALK TO YOU MAN TO
MAN, THAT'S IT.
SO BRING YOUR -- OUT.
>> AUSTIN HAS HELD THIS PROGRAM
HOSTAGE BEFORE.
>> I KNOW SOMEBODY IN
PHILADELPHIA HAS GOT A COLD BEER
FOR STEVE AUSTIN, BECAUSE IF I
WANNA WAIT, I WANNA DRINK A BEER
WHILE I'M DOING IT.
VINCE, COME ON OUT.
IF GOT TO, I'LL TAKE A NAP IN
THE MIDDLE OF YOUR RING.
I AIN'T GOING NOWHERE UNTIL YOU
COME OUT, BECAUSE AS THE WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
CHAMPION, I'M NOT GONNA HAVE YOU
TELLING ME EVERY SINGLE WEEK
WHAT I CAN AND WHAT I CAN'T DO.
I AIN'T ONE OF YOUR STUPID
LITTLE SUITS.
I AIN'T GONNA DO NONE OF THAT.
SO ANOTHER THING I'M NOT GONNA
DO IS GET OUT OF THIS RING UNTIL
YOU COME DOWN HERE SO COME ON,
VINCE.
WE GOT TO--OH, THERE YOU GO.
NOW, YOU'RE DONE SULKING.
COME ON.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THAT'S VINCE MCMAHON RIGHT
THERE, THE OWNER OF THE WWE.
>> I PROMISE YOU, I'M NOT GONNA
HIT YOU.
GIVE IT UP FOR THE OWNER OF THE
WORLD WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> UH-OH.
COME--HEY, HEY, HEY.
COME ON, COME ON.
AND I TOLD YOU, I'M NOT GONNA
HIT--OH.
>> WHAT IS THIS?
>> YOU'RE TOO MUCH.
I GIVE YOU MY WORD I WASN'T
GONNA HIT YOU.
YOU WANNA BRING SOME SECURITY
OUT HERE, I UNDERSTAND THAT.
COME UP.
COME UP THE LITTLE STEPS.
WE GOT SOMETHING TO SETTLE RIGHT
HERE ON RAW.
I AIN'T GOING NOWHERE UNTIL YOU
GET YOUR -- UP AND WE HAVE A
LITTLE TALK.
>> QUITE THE RIOT HERE.
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, FIRST THE
COPS, JR, NOW THE SWAT TEAM.
MR. MCMAHON OBVIOUSLY TAKING NO
CHANCES.
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT I'M GONNA
DO WITH BOTH OF THEM STICKS IF
THEY GET TOO CLOSE TO ME.
AND IT AIN'T GONNA BE A PRETTY
SIGHT.
I'M GLAD YOU CAN MAKE IT TO THE
RING.
BEFORE I GET STARTED ON WHAT I
WANNA TALK ABOUT, BECAUSE ONCE I
GET HERE, I CAN'T GO BACK.
I WANNA KNOW RIGHT NOW, YOU'VE
BEEN HOLDING THIS INFORMATION
FROM ME, WHO I'M SUPPOSED TO
FIGHT AT THE NEXT PAY-PER-VIEW,
BECAUSE YOU HADN'T SEEM FIT TO
TELL ME WHO MY OPPONENT IS, SO
WHO MIGHT THAT BE?
>> WELL, I HAVEN'T MADE UP MY
MIND YET.
>> YOU HAVEN'T MADE UP YOUR MIND
YET?
SO BASICALLY WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
IS, YOU JUST AIN'T GONNA TELL
ME, ARE YOU?
>> I WOULDN'T EXACTLY PUT IT
THAT WAY.
I JUST--I HAVEN'T MADE UP MY
MIND.
IT TAKES GREAT DELIBERATION.
>> BASICALLY, YOU'RE NOT GONNA
TELL ME WHO I'M FIGHTING AT THE
NEXT PAY-PER-VIEW, IS THAT
CORRECT?
>> YOU'LL KNOW SOON.
>> ALL RIGHT.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT I DO KNOW
SOON OR WHAT I DO KNOW RIGHT
NOW, I CAN SEE BY THE WAY YOU
LOOK AT ME, VINCE, EVERY TIME
YOU SET YOUR LITTLE BEADY EYES
ON ME, YOU CAN'T STAND ANYTHING
ABOUT ME.
YOU CAN'T STAND THE FACT THAT I
LIKE TO DRINK A FEW BEERS.
YOU CAN'T...
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> DAMN RIGHT.
YOU CAN'T STAND THE FACT THAT I
USE COLORFUL LANGUAGE.
DO THIS EVERY NOW AND THEN.
YOU DON'T LIKE THE WAY I DRESS.
YOU'RE PROBABLY UPSET THAT I CUT
THE LITTLE SLEEVES OFF THIS
SHIRT.
AND ON THE OTHER HAND, EVERY
TIME I SIT HERE AND LISTEN TO
YOU TALK ABOUT WHAT A WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT CHAMPION
IS SUPPOSED TO BE ACCORDING TO
YOU IS SUPPOSED TO BE SOMEONE
WITH AN IVY LEAGUE EDUCATION.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE SOMEONE WHO
SPEAKS THE PROPER LANGUAGE AND
NEVER EVER USES A FOUR LETTER
WORD AND CERTAINLY IS NOT
SOMEONE THAT USES THE SIGN
LANGUAGE THAT STONE COLD STEVE
AUSTIN USES.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> I CAN ACCEPT THAT FACT.
YOU WANT SOMETHING, YOU WANT
SOMEONE WITH POLISH AND MANNERS.
SOMEONE WHO HOLDS HIS HEAD UP
LIKE YOU GOT A SILVER SPOON IN
YOUR MOUTH, BUT THAT'S JUST
AIN'T ME, BUT THE MORE AND MORE
I THINK ABOUT IT, WHAT THAT
SOUNDS TO ME, WHAT IT SOUNDS TO
ME THAT VINCE MCMAHON WANTS AS A
WWE CHAMPION IS SOMEONE NOT JUST
LIKE YOURSELF, BUT IT SOUNDS TO
ME LIKE YOU WANT TO BE THE WWE
CHAMPION, IS THAT RIGHT?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> NO.
HEY, EVERY TIME YOU LAY OUT A
DESCRIPTION, IT FITS YOU TO A
TEE.
DO YOU WANNA BE THE WWE CHAMPION
OR NOT?
>> WHERE ARE YOU GOING WITH
THIS?
WELL...
>> A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO WHEN
YOU CAME DOWN WITH THIS NEW
BELT, I'M SURE BEFORE I TOOK
THIS BELT FROM YOU, YOU WALKED
AROUND IN YOUR HOUSE WITH YOUR
LITTLE PAJAMAS ON AND YOU HAD
THIS BELT STRAPPED AROUND YOUR
WAIST.
AND YOU SAID TO YOUR WIFE,
"HONEY, HOW DO I LOOK AS A WORLD
CHAMPION?"
SHE PROBABLY SAID YOU LOOK LIKE
A JACK -- BECAUSE YOU DO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> COME ON.
>> SO I'LL TELL YOU WHAT I'M
GONNA DO TONIGHT.
I KNOW AS A PROMOTER, YOU ALWAYS
LOVED THE FACT EVERY TIME A WWE
CHAMPION PUTS THE TITLE ON THE
LINE, SO TONIGHT, PHILADELPHIA
HERE ON RAW, I AM PUTTING THE
WWE TITLE ON THE LINE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> LOOK AT ME WHEN I'M TALKING
TO YOU.
DON'T EVER TURN YOUR BACK ON ME
BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNOW, EVEN
THOUGH I GIVE YOU MY WORD I
WOULDN'T HIT YOU, I JUST MIGHT
KNOCK YOUR DAMN HEAD OFF.
YOU'RE PROBABLY WONDERING,
"WELL, STEVE, WHO'S GONNA BE
YOUR OPPONENT?"
THE WAY I LOOK AT IT, THERE CAN
ONLY BE ONE OPPONENT FOR STEVE
AUSTIN AND THAT IS MR. VINCE
MCMAHON.
>> WHAT?
>> WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
>> YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
>> IF YOU WANNA SEE AUSTIN AND
MCMAHON, GIVE ME A HELL YEAH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> SO I GOT TO ASK YOU, DO YOU
ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE OR DO YOU
NOT?
>> NO WAY.
>> LET ME PUT IT TO YOU THIS
WAY, WE CAN DO THINGS THE EASY
WAY OR WE CAN DO THINGS THE HARD
WAY.
SOME OF THESE PEOPLE LIKE IT
WHEN I DO THINGS THE HARD WAY,
SO TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO.
>> WELL, GIVE ME SOME IDEA OF
WHAT THE--WHAT THE EASY WAY IS
AND WHAT THE HARD WAY IS.
WHAT'S YOUR DEFINITION?
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT THE EASY
WAY IS, THE EASY WAY IS FOR YOU
TO HAND PICK ANY WWE OFFICIAL
BACK THERE, COME BACK TO THE
RING, AND FIGHT "STONE COLD"
STEVE AUSTIN FOR THE WWE TITLE.
I'M GIVING YOU A CHANCE TO WIN
IT ALL, TO WIN THE WWE TITLE.
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS I CAN
PROBABLY BEAT YOUR -- WITH ONE
HAND TIED BEHIND MY BACK.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T CHOOSE TO DO
THE THINGS THE EASY WAY, THEN BY
CERTAINLY, YOU CAN DO THINGS THE
HARD WAY.
>> WHAT'S THE HARD WAY, MR.
AUSTIN?
>> THE HARD WAY IS THIS, I'M
TELLING THESE PEOPLE IT'S GONNA
BE AUSTIN-MCMAHON.
BY DOING THINGS THE EASY WAY,
YOU GOT A CHANCE TO WIN THE WWE
TITLE.
TO DO THINGS THE HARD WAY MEANS
I'M GONNA HANDPICK ONE OF THESE
WWE CAMERAMEN, I'M GONNA TAKE
THEM BACKSTAGE TO YOUR OFFICE,
AND I'M GONNA BEAT YOUR -- IN
FRONT OF THE WORLD ANYWAY.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> YOU AND ME HAVE GOT TO STOP.
THIS AIN'T GOING NOWHERE.
DO THINGS THE EASY WAY, YOU GOT
A CHANCE OF WINNING A BELT.
DO THE THINGS THE HARD WAY, ALL
I GOT TO DO IS GET A CHANCE TO
GET YOUR FACE SWOLLEN SHOT.
EITHER WAY YOU LOOK AT IT, I'M
GONNA GIVE YOU 30 MINUTES TO
MAKE UP YOUR MIND, 30 MINUTES,
NO MORE NO LESS.
YOU MAKE THE DECISION, THE EASY
WAY OR THE HARD WAY.
I AIN'T GOING NOWHERE.
AND IF YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING
SOMEWHERE, YOU'RE DEAD WRONG,
BECAUSE YOUR LIMO DRIVER HAS
BEEN BEAT UP AND YOU GOT FOUR
FLAT TIRES.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHAT?
>> LET ME ASK ONE MORE TIME, IF
YOU WANT TO SEE AUSTIN-MCMAHON,
GIVE ME A HELL YEAH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THEN THAT'S THE WAY IT'S
GONNA BE, AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM
LINE, BECAUSE STONE COLD SAID
SO.
>> MY GOD, AUSTIN'S GONE TOO
FAR.
STEVE AUSTIN HAS GONE TOO FAR.
WHAT OPTIONS DOES VINCE MCMAHON
HAVE?
>> I DON'T THINK HE HAS ANY
OPTIONS.
AND LOOK AT THIS, TOE TO TOE IN
THE RING.
AUSTIN IS OFF HIS ROCKER.
>> WELL, ACCORDING TO STEVE
AUSTIN, VINCE MCMAHON IS GONNA
GET HIS BUTT KICKED HERE TONIGHT
ONE WAY OR THE OTHER.
>> THERE'S NO WAY VINCE MCMAHON
CAN NOT GET IN THE RING WITH
"STONE COLD" STEVE AUSTIN.
YOU KNOW IT AS WELL AS I DO.
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WE'RE GONNA GET THE--WERE GONNA
POSITION OUR CAMERA TO COVER
WHATEVER MAY HAPPEN, WHERE EVER
IT MAY HAPPEN, AUSTIN-MCMAHON
TONIGHT.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
I CAN'T--I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS
WHOLE THING IS HAPPENING NOW.
>> VINCE, WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
TO PUT A STOP TO IT?
NOW, IS THE ONLY TIME YOU CAN.
YOU'VE GOT TO STOP HIM NOW.
>> VINCE, THE GUY IS MAKING FUN
OF YOU.
HE'S MAKING A FOOL OUT OF YOU.
YOU GOT TO STOP HIM TONIGHT.
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT, VINCE, I
KNOW YOU CAN DO IT.
DO IT TONIGHT, GET IT OVER WITH.
I'M SICK OF HIS CRAP.
>> HE'S CHALLENGED YOU ON A
RAISE, CHALLENGED YOU IN THE
DRESSING ROOM.
HE'S CHALLENGED YOU ON THE
STREET.
YOU ONLY GOT ONE THING TO DO.
YOU BROKE THE WRIST OF HIM,
BREAK HIM.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> D-GENERATION X HEADING TO THE
RING.
NOW, WE UNDERSTAND THAT OWEN
HART IS GOING TO CHALLENGE ONE
MEMBER OF D-GENERATION X
ONE-ON-ONE TONIGHT.
WELL, WHAT THE HECK ARE THEY
DOING OUT HERE NOW?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
WE GOT OUR FIRST EVER CHAIN
MATCH, SKULL AND 8-BALL TAKE ON
SAVIO AND JOSE OF LOS BORICUAS.
AND CERTAINLY LAST WEEK, DX
COMPLETELY DISRESPECTED THE DOA,
SAW THEM WHEEZED ON THEIR--ON
THEIR BIKE, THOSE BEAUTIFUL
TITAN BIKES.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> AND NOW, WE'RE UNDERWAY WITH
ACTION IN THE RING FOR THIS
FIRST EVER CHAIN MATCH, THE DOA
AGAINST LOS BORICUAS.
THE MEMBERS OF THIS CHAIN MATCH,
CHAINED TO THE TURNBUCKLE.
YOU WIN BY PINFALL.
AND NOW OUTSIDE THE RING, SAVIO
VEGA--UH-OH USING THE CHAIN
AGAINST ONE MEMBER OF DOA.
>> THIS IS A VERY UNUSUAL CHAIN
MATCH.
TWENTY FOOT CHAIN, ONE END
PADLOCKED TO THE RING POST, THE
OTHER IS ATTACHED TO THE WRIST
OF ONE OF THE ATHLETES.
>> FIRST TIME EVER HERE ON RAW,
DOA AGAINST LOS BORICUAS IN THIS
UNIQUE CHAIN MATCH.
AND THERE'S ONE MEMBER OF DOA
CHOKING SAVIO VEGA WITH THE
CHAIN.
ON THE OTHER SIDE, IT'S JOSE
ESTRADA AND I GUESS THAT'S
8-BALL.
AND OUTSIDE THE RING NOW, CHAINZ
GOING AT IT NOW WITH BA, BILLY
GUNN.
>> AND DON'T FORGET THAT DX IS
HERE, THE NEW LEADER OF
DX--WHAT'S GOING ON OVER THERE?
>> LOOK OUT.
OH, WHAT IS THE ISSUE WITH DX
AND DOA?
WE SAW WHAT HAPPENED LAST WEEK.
>> WE MENTIONED THAT EARLIER,
THE FACT THAT D-GENERATION X
URINATED ON THE TITAN BIKES OF
DX.
WE HAD A HECK OF A SIX-MAN MATCH
LAST WEEK.
DX LITERALLY ALMOST ANNIHILATED
DOA.
AND OF COURSE, I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT, HELMSLEY WITH A CHAIR NOW
IS IN PLACE.
GOOD GRIEF.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> DX IS ANNIHILATING CHAINZ
OUTSIDE THE RING.
>> CHAINZ MAY HAVE A CONCUSSION
THERE.
>> SKULL AND 8-BALL DESPERATELY
TRYING TO GET TO THEIR PARTNER.
CHAINZ OUTSIDE THE RING.
LOS BORICUAS HEADING HIM OFF
WITH THE PATH.
>> THIS IS A NO DISQUALIFICATION
MATCH.
>> WHERE ARE THEY TAKING CHAINZ?
>> CHAINZ HAS BEEN HURT, HE'S
HELPLESS.
>> NOT AGAIN.
>> AND THERE YOU--PILEDRIVER.
>> OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> RIGHT ON THAT STEEL CHAIR ON
THE RAMP.
>> BACK INSIDE THE RING, THE
ACTION CONTINUES IN THE CHAIN
MATCH.
SAVIO VEGA WORKING ON 8-BALL
FROM DOA.
AND NOW, LOOK OUT.
DX IS IN THE RING.
>> DX ATTACKING THE TWO HEALTHY
MEMBERS OF THE DOA.
>> THE DOA CAN'T GO ANYWHERE.
THEY'RE CHAINED TO THE
TURNBUCKLES.
AND LOS BORICUAS NOW TEAMING UP
WITH DX, POUNDING AWAY ON DOA.
>> LOS BORICUAS IN THE PAST...
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> OH, THE REFEREE'S GONNA CALL
A--HE MAY CALL THIS A NO
CONTEST.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THERE CAN'T BE A
DISQUALIFICATION.
THERE ARE NONE IN A CHAIN MATCH.
>> AND LOOK AT THIS, X-PAC,
SAVIO VEGA, LOS BORICUAS AND DX.
>> DX AND LOS BORICUAS
COLLABORATING ON THIS EFFORT OF
DESTRUCTION.
>> AND YOU COULD SEE--YOU CAN
SEE IN THE BACKGROUND CHAINZ
LYING HELPLESS ON THE RAMP AS
THE CARNAGE CONTINUES IN THE
RING.
>> CROWD CHANTING FOR LOD
MOMENTS AGO.
THE OUTLAWS AND LOD WILL MEET AT
UNFORGIVEN IN 13 DAYS IN
GREENSBORO.
THE SAME NIGHT HELMSLEY MEETS
OWEN HART FOR THE EUROPEAN
TITLE, BUT THIS WAS--THIS WAS
NOTHING BUT AN ASSAULT.
>> JR, SOMEBODY'S GOT TO UNHOOK
THOSE CHAINS.
>> THIS IS A PREMEDITATED ATTACK
ORCHESTRATED BY DOA.
AND THEY AND LOS BORICUAS SHOULD
BE VERY PROUD OF THEMSELVES.
>> YEAH, LOOK AT DX CELEBRATING.
>> IT'S ALMOST LIKE DX IS
INITIATING LOS BORICUAS INTO
THEIR ORGANIZATION.
>> COME ON.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, NO.
>> CHYNA WHIPPED DOWNSTAIRS.
>> AN AMBUSH FROM BEHIND.
AND NOW LOS BORICUAS BEING
HAMMERED ON BY D-GENERATION X.
THIS GROUP RESPECTS NO ONE.
THEY RESPECT ABSOLUTELY NO ONE.
>> CERTAINLY, THEY CANNOT BE
TRUSTED TO SAY THE LEAST.
>> OH.
>> A STEEL CHAIR RIGHT IN THE
SPINE.
SAVIO VEGA BEING MAULED BY
TRIPLE H AND X-PAC.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> YOU'RE RIGHT, JR.
>> [MUSIC]
>> YOU CAN'T TRUST D-GENERATION
X.
>> BOOM.
>> FOR MONTHS, LOS BORICUAS IS A
TEAM THAT HELPED OUT HUNTER.
AND THERE YOU SEE CHAINZ NOW
BEING HELPED OUT IN A STRETCHER.
>> [MUSIC]
>> CHAINZ MAY BE ON HIS WAY TO
THE HOSPITAL.
PILEDRIVER ON THE--ON THE FLOOR,
ON THE STEEL.
AND THE CARNAGE CONTINUES.
THIS IS A MAULING.
>> LOOK OUT.
>> NO.
>> CHYNA MEASURED SAVIO.
FIVE-ON-ONE...
>> NOT EVERYBODY CAN FEEL THE
SAME WAY.
>> WELL, I KNEW THAT.
>> WELL, I UNDERSTAND HOW SHANE
FEELS.
HE'S YOUR SON, VINCE.
BUT YOU GOT TO TAKE CARE OF
BUSINESS TONIGHT.
YOU GOT TO HAMMER THIS GUY AND
YOU GOT TO DO IT THE RIGHT WAY.
>> YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT I
FEEL.
YOU JUST...
>> OH, I DO.
I DO, SHANE.
>> SHANE...
>> YOU REMEMBER, YOU SHOWED ME A
LIFE LESSON ONE TIME.
I WAS ON THAT MOTORCYCLE, YOU
KNOW.
I WAS GOING A HUNDRED AND SOME
MILES AN HOUR.
>> YOU WERE A LUNATIC.
>> I KNOW.
>> YOU COULD HAVE BEEN KILLED.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK IF IT'S A
DIFFERENT SITUATION HERE, BUT
THE ROLES ARE REVERSED.
I MIGHT SEE YOU GET KILLED.
>> YOU MAY GET HURT.
>> SHANE, I HAVE A LOT OF
CONFIDENCE IN YOU.
>> ARE YOU SAYING I CAN'T TAKE
AUSTIN?
>> SHANE, I HAVE A LOT OF
CONFIDENCE IN YOUR DAD.
>> THIS IS CRAP.
THIS IS CRAP.
>> THIS IS REAL.
>> HE'LL ONLY GET HURT.
THIS IS CRAP.
>> OH.
>> WE GOT TO TAKE CARE OF...
>> I'M CALLING...
>> [MUSIC]
>> WE'RE BACK ON RAW.
THIS IS A LIVE SHOT OF BEAUTIFUL
DOWNTOWN PHILADELPHIA.
WE ARE IN THE SOLD OUT
CORESTATES CENTER.
OVER 16, 000 FANS JAM-PACKING
THIS PLACE FOR WWE RAW.
AND TONIGHT, RAW IS BROUGHT TO
YOU BY THE US ARMY.
LOOK FOR THE ARMY HYPERLINK ON
THE WWE AOL SITE TO FIND OUT
WHERE YOU CAN BE ALL YOU CAN BE.
>> AND BY WWE, THE MUSIC VOLUME
2.
EXPERIENCE YOUR FAVORITE WWE
ORIGINAL JAMS NOW AVAILABLE IN
STORES.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
AGAIN, CHAINZ HAS BEEN TAKEN OUT
OF HERE.
THE SPIKE PILEDRIVER ON THE
HEAD.
WE SAW THAT PEDIGREE ON THE
CHAIR.
AND...
>> WELL, WAIT A MINUTE.
>> WELL, THIS SHOULD BE
INTERESTING.
>> AND NO SECURITY.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> STEVE AUSTIN, IF YOU JUST
JOINED US, SAYS HE'S GONNA
SETTLE HIS ISSUE WITH VINCE
MCMAHON ONE WAY OR THE OTHER
AND HAS CHALLENGED VINCE TO A
MATCH TONIGHT FOR THE WWE
TITLE IF YOU CAN BELIEVE THAT.
NOW, WE GOT A TAG TEAM MATCH IN
THE RING, BUT OF COURSE IF YOU
OWN THE COMPANY, YOU PRETTY MUCH
DO WHATEVER YOU WANT, FOLKS.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> FOR OVER 50 YEARS, THE WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT HAS BEEN
A PART OF MY HERITAGE, FROM MY
GRANDFATHER, TO MY DAD, TO ME.
AND I HOPE THAT THAT HERITAGE
CONTINUES ON WITH MY SON AND
DAUGHTER AND THEIR CHILDREN AND
EACH SUCCEEDING GENERATION
THEREAFTER.
AND THE WORLD WRESTLING
ENTERTAINMENT HAS ALWAYS BEEN
ABOUT HONOR AND INTEGRITY,
QUALITIES THAT ARE SORELY
LACKING IN OUR CURRENT WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
CHAMPION.
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN HAS NO
HONOR.
INTEGRITY.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> AND I KNOW THAT THE DECISION
I'M ABOUT TO MAKE HERE TONIGHT
WILL NOT SIT THAT WELL WITH
THOSE WHO HAVE PRECEDED ME.
BUT NONETHELESS, SOMETIMES A
MAN'S GOT TO DO WHAT A MAN'S GOT
TO DO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHAT?
>> AND SO AN ANSWER TO THE
QUESTION, WILL I FIGHT STONE
COLD STEVE AUSTIN IN THIS RING
TONIGHT?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THE ANSWER IS,
OH, HELL YEAH.
>> NO.
>> {CROWD CHEERING]
>> HE'S GOT TO BE KIDDING.
>> THIS IS ABSOLUTELY--ASK
HIM--PLEASE, SAY THIS IS NOT
GOING TO HAPPEN.
>> JR, HE HAS NO CHANCE.
>> OH.
>> NO CHANCE.
>> AT LEAST JUST GIVE HIM SOME
BAD ADVICE.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, IF THIS
HAPPENS, IT'S GONNA RIP THIS
COMPANY APART.
THIS IS GONNA BE A TRAGEDY.
AND I CAN'T BELIEVE GERALD
BRISCO AND PAT PATTERSON, TWO
WWE OFFICIALS, ARE CONDONING
THIS.
>> THEY'RE APPLAUDING IT.
>> HAS EVERYBODY LOST THEIR MIND
FOR GOD'S SAKES?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> LOOK AT THIS.
>> HE HAS NO CHANCE.
THERE'S WAY.
>> I GOT TO DO IT.
>> I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
>> NO, YOU CAN.
WAY TO GO, VINCE.
>> JR, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, I
HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE
THIS.
IT--THERE'S NO WAY WE CAN HAVE
THIS MATCH, THERE'S NO WAY.
>> WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT,
THIS IS CRAZY.
VINCE IS GONNA GET HURT AND I'M
GONNA DO WHAT I CAN, FOLKS, TO
MAKE SURE THAT THIS DOES NOT
HAPPEN.
>> WELL, JR--OKAY.
WELL, FOLKS, WE GOT A TAG TEAM
MATCHUP IN THE RING NOW.
I'M GONNA TRY TO HOLD DOWN THE
FORT WHILE JR IS GONE.
IT'S A TWO--OH, NO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, NO.
AFTER ALL WE'VE BEEN THROUGH
TONIGHT, NOW THIS?
NOT KANE, COME ON.
>> [BELL TOLL]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> IT'S THE PHENOM.
IT'S THE UNDERTAKER.
FINALLY, PERHAPS SOME SANITY
TONIGHT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THE UNDERTAKER ON HIS WAY TO
THE RING.
IT HAS BEEN A WEEK OF HELL FOR
THIS MAN.
>> [MUSIC]
>> OBVIOUSLY, HE MUST HAVE HATE
IN HIS HEART AFTER WATCHING THE
DESECRATION OF HIS PARENTS'
GRAVES LAST WEEK BY KANE AND
PAUL BEARER.
THE PHENOM IS HERE, WHAT A
REACTION.
NO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHAT THE HELL IS HE DOING?
WHAT IS HE DOING?
OH.
WHAT IS THE UNDERTAKER TRYING TO
PROVE?
THIS IS--THIS IS KANE'S MO.
NO, A TOMBSTONE PILEDRIVER ON
SCOTT TAYLOR.
THE UNDERTAKER, HE'S AN
EMOTIONAL WRECK, BUT HE HAS NO
RIGHT TO ATTACK PEOPLE WHO'VE
HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS.
>> KANE, IT'S TIME YOUR BIG
BROTHER SHOWS YOU WHAT EVIL IS
ALL ABOUT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HE WILL MEET KANE IN AN
INFERNO MATCH AT UNFORGIVEN.
>> NO LONGER ARE YOU THE HUNTER,
BUT NOW YOU ARE THE HUNTED.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> NOW I CAN FEEL YOUR PRESENCE
IN THE BUILDING.
AND THIS NIGHT WILL GO ON FOR AN
ETERNITY UNTIL YOU SHOW YOUR
FACE.
IT'S TIME, KANE, TO COME OUT
FROM THE DARKNESS.
>> [MUSIC]
>> THE UNDERTAKER IS TAKING
MATTERS INTO HIS OWN HANDS.
HOWEVER, THIS ATTACK,
UNJUSTIFIED.
HE'S BEEN ON AN EMOTIONAL ROLLER
COASTER AS OF LATE.
BUT HE HAS NO RIGHT TO ATTACK
PEOPLE WHO HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH THIS.
>> [MUSIC]
>> AND NOW, GET YOUR PROTONS
MOVING WITH THE STARBURST FRUIT
JUICE SLAM OF THE WEEK.
GIVE IT SOME JUICE.
>> OH.
>> OH, NO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> AND AGAIN, STONE COLD JUST
STUNNED THE OWNER OF THE WWE
AGAIN.
>> IF YOU WANT STONE COLD TO
CONTINUE DOING THINGS THE HARD
WAY, GIVE ME A HELL YEAH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, HELL YEAH.
>> [MUSIC]
>> GIVE IT SOME JUICE WITH THE
STARBURST FRUIT JUICE SLAM OF
THE WEEK.
GOT THAT EINSTEIN?
>> IT'S EINSTEIN.
>> NO ONE'S GONNA TALK VINCE
MCMAHON OUT OF FIGHTING STONE
COLD STEVE AUSTIN HERE TONIGHT.
NOT JR, NOT EVEN VINCE'S SON,
SHANE, AS EVIDENCED BY THIS
PIECE OF VIDEOTAPE THAT WAS SHOT
DURING THE BREAK.
>> SHANE, DON'T FORGET ABOUT IT.
YOU WENT OUT THERE, YOU
COULDN'T...
>> WHAT AN EGO MANIAC.
>> THIS IS A WRONG DECISION.
>> NO, IT'S WRONG.
IT IS A WRONG DECISION.
>> NO.
IT'S NOT THE WRONG DECISION, JR.
>> HE'S NOT A WRESTLER.
>> STOP IT, STOP IT, STOP IT.
I'VE MADE MY DECISION.
GO TO THE CAR, GET MY BAG AND
BRING IT BACK.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> GOOD.
>> FOR THE RECORD, IT'S A WRONG
DECISION.
YOU'RE MAKING THE WRONG
DECISION, THAT'S A WRONG ADVICE.
>> FOR THE--FOR THE RECORD, YOU
GO TO THE CAR, OKAY?
GET MY GYM BAG AND BRING IT
BACK.
>> YEAH.
>> THIS IS THE DUMBEST DECISION
YOU'VE EVER MADE.
>> IT MAY BE.
>> NO, NO, NO.
>> NO, IT'S NOT.
NO, IT'S NOT.
>> THE DUMBEST DECISION.
YOU'RE SO --.
>> AND YOU GO OUT THERE AND GO
DO YOUR JOB, PLEASE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
GOOD.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> LISTEN TO THIS OLD BEAUTIFUL
MUSIC SINGER, COUNTRY STYLE.
LET THE HAIR STAND UP ON THE
BACK OF YOUR NECK.
HE'S THE WORLD'S GREATEST
SINGER, THE WORLD'S GREATEST
ENTERTAINER, THE WORLD'S
GREATEST WRESTLER, IT'S "DOUBLE
J" JEFF JARRETT.
AIN'T HE GREAT?
>> WELL, TENNESSEE LEE CALLS
HIMSELF THE WORLD'S GREATEST
PROMOTER.
HE'S A MAN OF HYPE AND HE SURE
IS PROMOTING A STAR, DOUBLE J.
>> [MUSIC]
>> LEAFLETS, PAMPHLETS FALLING
FROM THE HEAVENS.
DOUBLE J IS SET TO SING LEAD FOR
THE COUNTRY BAND, SAWYER BROWN
AT UNFORGIVEN IN LESS THAN TWO
WEEKS.
>> [MUSIC]
>> YOU SEE THE PAMPHLETS THERE.
TENNESSEE LEE, OF COURSE,
PROMOTING AT UNFORGIVEN.
AND, FOLKS, STANDING BY NOW IN
THE LOCKER ROOM AREA, "THE
LETHAL WEAPON" STEVE BLACKMAN.
AND MR. BLACKMAN...
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> ...WHO CAN FORGET LAST WEEK
DOUBLE J SNEAKING UP BEHIND YOU,
A SNEAK ATTACK, IT WAS UNCALLED
FOR, IT WAS UNWARRANTED.
YOU HAD JUST DEFEATED "TOO SEXY"
BRIAN CHRISTOPHER.
NOW WE GET TO THE LIVE ACTION IN
THE RING.
IT'S DOUBLE J GOING TO WORK ON
TAKA MICHINOKU.
BUT STEVE BLACKMAN IS BACK IN
THE LOCKER ROOM AREA.
AND, STEVE, THE WHOLE WORLD
WANTS TO KNOW, WILL TONIGHT BE
THE OCCASION TO GET YOUR REVENGE
ON DOUBLE J?
>> IT MIGHT BE TONIGHT.
IT MIGHT BE NEXT WEEK.
I MIGHT EVEN WAIT FOR HIS
SINGING DEBUT AT UNFORGIVEN.
BUT, DOUBLE J, YOU CAN BET YOUR
BOTTOM DOLLAR THAT YOU'RE GONNA
BE SEEING STEVE BLACKMAN AGAIN,
BECAUSE, BROTHER, REVENGE IS
SWEET.
>> WELL, THAT'S "THE LETHAL
WEAPON" STEVE BLACKMAN.
AND JR NOW BACK AT RINGSIDE.
JR, ALL I CAN SAY IS YOU TRIED.
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, VINCE IS
GIVEN SOME BAD ADVICE.
AND HE'S--THAT'S HAPPENED OVER
THE YEARS.
>> YOU KNOW, NOT ONLY ARE THESE
FLYERS...
>> THERE'S A COVER BY TAKA.
KICK-OUT.
>> GREAT ADVERTISEMENT.
THEY'RE ALSO A WONDERFUL
SOUVENIR.
AND THEY'RE EVEN A KEEPSAKE TO
TAKE HOME FOREVER AND HOLD ONTO.
WELL, THAT'S A MASTERPIECE RIGHT
THERE.
>> YEAH, I'M SURE.
>> SAWYER BROWN AND DOUBLE J,
UNFORGIVEN, GREENSBORO, NORTH
CAROLINA.
I CAN HARDLY WAIT.
>> OH, IT'S TENNESSEE LEE, THE
SO-CALLED WORLD'S GREATEST
PROMOTER.
BACK WITH THE ACTION IN THE RING
NOW.
DOUBLE J, OH, NICE SUPLEX THAT
TIME OFF THE TOP ROPE.
AND TAKA IS IN TROUBLE.
>> BOYS, HOLD ONTO THAT.
>> YEAH, RIGHT.
WE WILL THERE, TENNESSEE.
>> JR, WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS
WHOLE SITUATION WITH VINCE?
I MEAN, I CAN'T EVEN BELIEVE
IT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
>> WELL, IT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
AND ALL I CAN SAY IS THIS, HE'S
GIVEN SOME BAD ADVICE AND THAT'S
NOT ANYTHING NEW OVER THE YEARS
OR SOME OF THOSE--BUT ANYWAY, I
DON'T WANNA GET STARTED ON THAT.
THE ONLY GOOD THING THAT CAME OF
GOING BACK THERE AND TRYING WAS
THE FACT THAT WE'RE GONNA BE
TALKING TO STEVE AUSTIN HERE AS
SOON AS THIS MATCH CONCLUDES.
>> IT'S GONNA BE INTERESTING
HERE WHAT THE RATTLESNAKE HAS TO
SAY.
DROPKICK BY DOUBLE J AND TAKA
NOW IN TROUBLE.
>> POOR TAKA HAS BEEN--HAD HIS
SHARE OF PROBLEMS.
THE OUTSTANDING LIGHT
HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION IN RECENT
WEEKS HAS HAD BEEN ASSAULTED ON.
>> OH.
>> AS A MATTER OF FACT, AS
RECENT AS LAST WEEKEND ON
SHOTGUN SATURDAY NIGHT BY THE
CLUB KAMIKAZE, THE THREE YOUNG
JAPANESE ATHLETES THAT--I DON'T
KNOW WHAT THE STORY IS ON THAT.
>> THERE'S TENNESSEE LEE NOW UP
ON THE RING APRON.
TAKA WAS GONNA FLY.
TENNESSEE LEE TRYING TO GET IN
HIS WAY, LET SOME INTERFERENCE
FOR DOUBLE J.
AND LOOK OUT.
>> HEY.
>> THAT'S CLUB KAMIKAZE.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> CLUB KAMIKAZE BACK.
>> OH.
>> FISHERMAN SUPLEX.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> CLUB KAMIKAZE, IT'S
THREE-ON-ONE AGAIN AGAINST TAKA.
>> A CHOKESLAM.
>> OH.
>> AND A SENTON SPLASH.
THESE GUYS HIT, THEY ASSAULT,
THEY DAMAGE, THEY HURT AND THEY
LEAVE.
AND THEN WHAT'S DOUBLE J DOING?
TAKA IS INCAPACITATED.
>> COME ON.
>> AND LOOK AT--THIS IS HIDEOUS
BY DOUBLE J.
>> THE FIGURE-FOUR LEGLOCK ON
TAKA.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> THEY'RE GONNA RING THE BELL.
NOW HOW IN THE WORLD CAN DOUBLE
J TAKE CREDIT FOR THIS?
>> WELL, CHAINZ IS ALREADY
RECEIVING MEDICAL ATTENTION
THANKS TO DX AND NOW MAYBE TAKA
MICHINOKU WILL BE TAKING A TRIP
TO THE HOSPITAL.
>> YEAH.
NOW, HE'S GONNA STRIKE.
GIVE ME A BREAK.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
STANDING BY, THE WORLD WRESTLING
ENTERTAINMENT CHAMPION, "STONE
COLD" STEVE AUSTIN.
AND I'VE ONLY GOT ONE QUESTION
FOR YOU, ARE YOU SURPRISED THAT
VINCE MCMAHON HAS ACCEPTED YOUR
CHALLENGE TONIGHT?
>> NO.
I'M NOT REALLY SURPRISED AT ALL,
BECAUSE I DIDN'T GIVE HIM MUCH
OF A CHOICE.
HE CAN EITHER GET HIS -- BEAT IN
A DRESSING ROOM OR IN THE RING.
HE MADE HIS CHOICE.
I GOT TO QUESTION HIS ADVICE.
I THINK IT WAS BAD ADVICE, BUT I
SAID AT THE BEGINNING OF THE
SHOW, I WAS GONNA GET THIS THING
SOLVED ONE WAY OR THE OTHER.
AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT'S GONNA
HAPPEN.
IT'S GOTTA BE SETTLED RIGHT HERE
TONIGHT.
AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE.
>> ALL RIGHT, THANK YOU VERY
MUCH.
"STONE COLD" STEVE AUSTIN, VINCE
MCMAHON, THEY WILL FIGHT FOR THE
WWE TITLE.
YES, YOU HEARD ME RIGHT,
TONIGHT.
>> [MUSIC]
>> I'M SURE WE DO.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW--YOU KNOW WHAT HE'S
GONNA DO, HE'S GONNA--RIGHT
AWAY, HE'S GONNA WANNA STUN YOU,
VINCE.
>> YEAH.
>> SO, HOW DOES HE SET THAT UP?
FIRST THING HE'LL TRY TO DO IS
KICK YOU IN THE STOMACH.
AND THEN I'LL SHOW YOU WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA DO.
GO AHEAD AND LOOK AT ME IN THE
STOMACH.
>> WATCH THIS, VINCE.
SEE, YOU GRAB THAT THING RIGHT
THERE, THEN YOU THROW THAT
SHOULDER INTO HIM, VINCE.
THROW THAT SHOULDER AND TAKE,
AND YOU OWN HIM FROM HERE, YOU
OWN HIM FROM THERE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
>> BOY, IS HE IN FOR A SURPRISE?
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> LET ME TELL YOU...
>> FOLKS, IT MAY SOUND BIZARRE.
ALL I CAN TELL YOU IS STONE COLD
STEVE AUSTIN HAS CHALLENGED
VINCE MCMAHON.
HE'S PUT THE WWE TITLE ON THE
LINE.
AND VINCE HAS ACCEPTED THE
CHALLENGE, IT'S BIZARRE.
>> WELL, FOLKS, IT'S GONNA RIP
THIS COMPANY APART, I CAN TELL
YOU THAT.
VINCE MCMAHON IS NOT A WRESTLER,
VINCE MCMAHON HAS NO BUSINESS
PHYSICALLY COMPETING WITH STONE
COLD STEVE AUSTIN.
AND WHAT ELSE IS GONNA HAPPEN
HERE TONIGHT?
WHAT--I DON'T HAVE--HERE'S THE
MUSIC FOR...
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, IT'S FAAROOQ, THE
FORMER LEADER OF THE NATION OF
DOMINATION.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> FAAROOQ, OF COURSE, SUFFERED
THAT AMBUSH ATTACK AT THE HANDS
OF THE NATION LAST WEEK IN THE
PARKING LOT.
>> [MUSIC]
>> FOLKS, LET ME TELL YOU THAT
WITHIN THE NEXT HOUR AND 15
MINUTES, THE MATCH BETWEEN VINCE
MCMAHON AND STEVE AUSTIN IS
GONNA HAPPEN.
IT COULD HAPPEN AT ANY TIME.
MCMAHON COULD CALL OUT AUSTIN AT
ANY MOMENT HERE.
>> [MUSIC]
>> AND SPEAKING ABOUT CALLING
OUT, WHAT ABOUT OWEN HART?
HE'S SUPPOSED TO CALL OUT A
MEMBER OF D-GENERATION X
TONIGHT.
>> FAAROOQ WITH THOSE RIBS
TAPED, THANKS THAT BEATING HE
TOOK LAST WEEK IN THE PARKING
LOT AT THE HANDS OF HIS NATION.
>> YOU KNOW, I'M GONNA MAKE THIS
SHORT AND I'M GONNA MAKE IT
SIMPLE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> ROCKY, I KNOW YOU'RE BACK
THERE.
AND I KNOW YOU AND THE ENTIRE
WORLD CAN SEE ME STANDING HERE
RIGHT NOW TONIGHT.
AND GUESS WHAT?
OH, SURE, YOU CRACKED A RIB AND
YOU MIGHT HAVE BRUISED MY BODY.
BUT LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING,
SON, IT TAKES A LOT MORE THAN
THAT TO KICK MY -- .
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> I KNOW IN HERE THAT I GAVE
YOU THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
I GAVE ALL OF YOU THE CHANCE OF
A LIFETIME.
AND ME BEING A MAN OF CHANCE,
THAT'S WHAT I'M GOING TO DO FOR
YOU TONIGHT.
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU ANOTHER
CHANCE TO FINISH KICKING MY --
RIGHT NOW.
SO GET IT ON HERE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HE'S NUTS.
>> SOUNDS LIKE FAAROOQ HAS
CHALLENGED THE ENTIRE NATION.
NOW, THAT'S--I KNOW HE'S A TOUGH
MAN, A FORMER FLORIDA STATE
FOOTBALL ALL-AMERICAN.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> BUT THIS IS NOT VERY SMART.
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, FAAROOQ,
YOU COME OUT HERE AND YOU RUN
YOUR MOUTH, AND YOU TRY AND CALL
ALL THE SHOTS LIKE YOU'RE THE
CHAMP, LIKE YOU'RE THE ROCK, BUT
OBVIOUSLY YOU'RE NOT.
YOU SEE, FAAROOQ, THE ROCK
UNDERSTANDS THAT YOU'RE STILL
HALF IGNORANT FROM THE BEATING
WE GAVE YOU LAST WEEK.
SO TRY YOUR BEST AND SMELL WHAT
THE ROCK IS GONNA COOK TONIGHT
HERE IN PHILADELPHIA.
>> YOU SEE, FAAROOQ, THE
ROCK--HOLD ON ONE--HOLD THE
ROCK'S BELT, WILL YOU?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THE ROCK FEELS LIKE THIS, THE
ROCK HAS A VERY BIG HAND.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS,
THAT MEANS HE'S GONNA LAY THE
SMACKDOWN ON YOU WHENEVER HE
DAMN WELL PLEASES.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
THERE'S ONLY TWO THINGS YOU CAN
DO ABOUT IT, NOTHING, AND LIKE
IT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> SO, FAAROOQ, IN FRONT OF ALL
THE ROCK'S FANS HERE TONIGHT AND
MILLIONS OF MILLIONS WATCHING ON
TV, THE...
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THE ROCK WANTS YOU TO REALIZE
SOMETHING.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> NOW, FOR ONE SINGLE SOLITARY
SECOND, IF YOU THINK YOU'RE
READY TO RUMBLE WITH THE ROCK
AND THE REST OF THE NATION, THEN
LET THE ROCK TELL YOU SOMETHING
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW, THE ROCK
HAS WARNED YOU, POPS, GET READY
FOR YOUR FINAL THRILL.
>> YEAH.
THE ROCK'S TOUGH WITH THREE GUYS
BACKING HIM UP.
>> FAAROOQ WITH A SOLO...
>> OH, LOOK AT THIS.
HE'S SUCH AND OLD MAN TRYING TO
HANG ON.
HE KNEW...
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHOA, OH.
>> SHAMROCK AND BLACKMAN BEHIND
THE NATION, SALUTING FAAROOQ.
>> HERE THEY COME.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, MY.
>> A HELL OF A FIGHT HAS BROKEN
OUT.
THE NATION, FAAROOQ, SHAMROCK
AND BLACKMAN ARE GETTING IT ON
IN PHILADELPHIA.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> FAAROOQ BROUGHT IN THE
REINFORCEMENTS, THE CALVARY.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> SHAMROCK AND BLACKMAN COMING
TO FAAROOQ'S AID.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> ALL HELL HAS BROKEN LOOSE
HERE IN MORE WAYS THAN ONE.
WHAT ELSE IS GONNA HAPPEN HERE
TONIGHT?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> FAAROOQ HAS GOT HIS HANDS ON
THE ROCK.
>> HEY, COME ON.
GET OFF HIM.
>> WE NEED MORE SECURITY HERE.
WE NEED TO GET THIS THING BACK
TOGETHER.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> COME ON, THIS IS OUT OF
CONTROL.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> ABSOLUTE CHAOS.
IT'S ABSOLUTE CHAOS HERE IN
PHIL--WHAT ELSE IS GONNA HAPPEN
TODAY?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> [MUSIC]
>> AND NOW, THE WWE REWIND
BROUGHT TO YOU BY 10-321, JUST
DIAL IT AND SAVE UP TO 50%.
>> [MUSIC]
>> I GAVE YOU EVERY -- BIT OF
ENERGY I HAD AFTER 13 YEARS OF
BLOOD, SWEAT, AND TEARS, BUT
IT'S NOT WORTH IT ANYMORE.
IT'S GONNA BE A LONG TIME BEFORE
YOU SEE CACTUS JACK IN THE RING
AGAIN.
>> THAT WAS THE WWE REWIND
BROUGHT TO YOU BY 10-321.
DIAL 10-321 BEFORE THE 1 AREA
CODE NUMBER ON CALLS FROM HOME.
10-321 SAVES ON EVERY CALL AND
50% ON ALL CALLS OVER 20
MINUTES.
>> [MUSIC]
>> AND THEIR OPPONENT, FIRST
FROM AMARILLO, TEXAS, WEIGHING
IN AT 245 POUNDS, TERRY FUNK.
>> SO, TERRY FUNK, ONCE KNOWN AS
I GUESS CHAINSAW CHARLIE HEADED
TO THE RING.
MICHAEL COLE, JR, NOW JOINED BY
THE "KING" JERRY LAWLER.
AND YOU SAW CACTUS JACK, I GUESS
AN EMOTIONAL FAREWELL LAST WEEK.
>> YOU GOT TO WONDER IF...
>> I AM HERE TONIGHT TO ANNOUNCE
A NEW PARTNER.
THE REASON WHY IS BECAUSE CACTUS
JACK WADDLED OUT OF THIS RING
LAST WEEK, WADDLED OUT THE
AISLE, AND PROCLAIMED TO THE
WORLD OF PROFESSIONAL WRESTLING
THAT HE WAS QUITTING.
HE WAS QUITTING, BECAUSE THE
FANS WERE CHANTING, "AUSTIN,
AUSTIN, AUSTIN."
WELL, I COULD GIVE A DAMN WHAT
THE FANS CHANT.
I'M NOT QUITTING.
I'M NOT A QUITTER.
AND I'M GONNA PUT SOME FUNK IN
YOUR FACES.
AND I WANNA PUT FUNK IN
EVERYONE'S FACES BECAUSE MY
PARTNER IS HARDCORE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> EVERYBODY KNOWS MY PARTNER,
BECAUSE HE'S HARDCORE.
HE'S ALWAYS BEEN HARDCORE.
HE'S NEVER HAD A CHANCE BECAUSE
MCMAHON HAS NEVER GIVEN HIM A
CHANCE, BUT TERRY FUNK IS.
SO, BRING OUT THE FUNK, BRING
OUT THE FUNK, BRING HIM OUT.
BRING OUT THE FUNK, THERE HE IS,
THERE'S A FUNK, THERE'S A FUNK.
COME ON, FUNK.
THERE'S MY MAN RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S HIM.
BRING OUT THE FUNK.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, AND
I GUESS YOU WANNA CALL HIM FLASH
FUNK ANYMORE.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S A LITTLE 2
COLD TO ME, KING.
>> WELL, HE'S GOT THE WORD FUNK
ON HIS SHEAR--SHIRT THERE.
MAYBE HE'S A RELATIVE OF TERRY
FUNK, WHO KNOWS.
>> SO IT'S THE QUEBECERS AGAINST
TERRY FUNK AND 2 COLD FUNK.
DOUBLE TEAM IN THE RING.
AND HERE'S TERRY FUNK NOW
HAMMERING AWAY AGAINST JACQUES
ROUGEAU.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> BIG RIGHT HANDS NOW BY
ROUGEAU FROM THE THE QUEBECERS.
TERRY FUNK INTO THE TURNBUCKLE.
AND HERE COMES THE 285 POUNDER
PIERRE CARL OULLET.
>> CAN YOU BELIEVE, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, THAT RIGHT HERE
TONIGHT THAT VINCE MCMAHON IS
GONNA CHALLENGE STEVE AUSTIN IN
THE RING FIGHTING FOR THE WWE
TITLE?
KING, WHAT DO YOU--WHAT DO YOU
THINK ABOUT?
>> WELL, THAT'S WHY I HAD TO
COME OUT HERE EARLY, JR. I CAN
HARDLY CONTROL MYSELF.
THIS IS GONNA BE THE GREATEST
THING I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY
LIFE.
IT'S GONNA BE THE GREATEST THING
I'VE WITNESSED.
AND BELIEVE ME, I'VE WITNESSED
SOME THINGS IN MY LIFE, BUT
VINCE MCMAHON FIGHTING FOR HIS
OWN WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
TITLE, IT'S GONNA BE IT, IT'S
GONNA BE AWESOME.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
>> AND HERE WE GO NOW.
FUNK CLEANING HOUSE, BODYSLAM.
>> 2 COLD SCORPIO JUST BURIED
THAT FOOT.
WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, YOU
CALL THIS MAN ANY NAME YOU WANT,
HE'S A--HE'S A BLUE CHIPPER THAT
JUST NEEDS A CHANCE.
>> AND PIERRE CARL OULLET THAT
TIME TAKING ADVANTAGE, AND NOW
CLIMBING UP TO THE SECOND ROPE,
GOING TO THE TOP ROPE.
WHAT'S THE 285 POUNDER GONNA DO
HERE?
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT HE'S GONNA
DO, HE'S GONNA BREAK DOWN.
>> GOOD LORD, WHAT A BELLY TO
BELLY SUPLEX.
>> YEAH.
>> RIGHT OFF THE TOP TURNBUCKLE.
>> GRAVITY WILL BRING YOU DOWN,
BABY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT, 2
COLD?
>> AND THE QUEBECERS NOW IN
CONTROL.
AND HERE COMES JACQUES ROUGEAU.
>> THE QUEBECERS, FORMER WWE TAG
TEAM CHAMPIONS.
HERE'S THE DOUBLE TEAM NOW.
>> LOOK AT THIS.
>> OH, RIGHT ACROSS THE TOP
ROPE.
>> YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW WHAT
ELSE COULD HAPPEN HERE TONIGHT.
YOU GOT VINCE MCMAHON STEP IN
THE RING THE FIRST TIME IN HIS
LIFE AGAINST STEVE AUSTIN, YES,
FOR THE WWE TITLE.
YOU GOT OWEN HART WHO'S ISSUED A
CHALLENGE TO ANY--EVERYBODY IN
DX.
OH, LOOK OUT HERE.
>> OH, THIS IS GONNA BE GOOD.
>> LOOK AT THIS DOUBLE TEAM NOW.
>> LOOK OUT.
>> 2 COLD MOVED OUT OF THE WAY.
>> 2 COLD WAS TOO SMART.
>> AND TERRY FUNK NOW IN THE
RING.
>> OH, WHAT'S THIS?
>> 2 COLD...
>> NO.
>> ...IN MIDAIR.
>> THE 450 SPLASH, CROWD UP TO
THEIR FEET.
>> IT'S OVER.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> [MUSIC]
>> WHAT A DEBUT FOR TERRY FUNK
AND 2 COLD.
>> HERE ARE YOUR WINNERS, 2 COLD
SCORPIO AND TERRY FUNK.
>> 2 COLD SCORPIO.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WHAT A WAY TO LAUNCH HIS NEW
CAREER HERE IN THE WWE.
>> [MUSIC]
>> I LIKE IT.
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
>> [MUSIC]
>> I LIKE IT A LOT.
>> HE'S BEEN HELD DOWN TOO LONG.
>> [MUSIC]
>> HE'S BREAKING OUT WITH TERRY
FUNK.
>> [MUSIC]
>> YEAH, BUT NEITHER ONE OF YOU
GUYS GOT GOOD TASTE.
NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU LIKE.
>> WELL, THEN WHY DON'T YOU TELL
US WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT WHAT WE
JUST SAW THERE, KING?
WATCH YOUR MONITOR.
>> OH, HE GAVE A...
>> LOOK AT THIS.
HE GOT REALLY LUCKY, SO LUCKY,
THAT TAKES--LOOK HOW LONG IT
TAKES HIM IN THE AIR THERE.
>> LUCKY?
>> [MUSIC]
>> ONE MORE LOOK AND LISTEN.
>> OH.
>> YOU COULD ALMOST SEE THE AIR
RUSHING OUT OF CARL PIERRE
OULLET.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> [MUSIC]
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WHATEVER YOU DO, STAY TUNED.
THE WAR ZONE WILL BEGIN IN 30
SECONDS.
>> [MUSIC]
>> MY GOD...
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
IT'S HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.
DON'T GO ANYWHERE.
>> WE'RE NOT GONNA WASTE ANY
TIME HERE.
>> LOOK AT THIS.
NO WAY, BABY.
DON'T TOUCH THAT DIAL.
>> [MUSIC]
>> NOW, WHAT COULD LUNA HAVE ON
HER MIND TONIGHT AS IF I DIDN'T
KNOW?
OBVIOUS, IT'S GOT TO BE SABLE.
IT'S GOT TO BE THE FIRST EVER
EVENING GOWN MATCH.
>> OH, YEAH.
>> MUCH AKIN TO A TUXEDO MATCH
FOR MEN AT UNFORGIVEN 13 DAYS
FROM NOW.
GREENSBORO, GET READY.
>> [MUSIC]
>> SABLE.
HEY, SABLE.
>> SHE'S SICK.
>> THE ANTICIPATION OF
UNFORGIVEN IS WORSE THAN PMS.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THE FACT IS THE FLOW, THE
FLOW OF MY ADRENALINE IS SO
SEVERE, MS. SABLE.
I WANNA SETTLE IT RIGHT HERE
RIGHT NOW.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, YEAH.
>> SHOW US YOUR UGLY FACE.
COME ON, SABLE.
>> WELL, FOLKS, I DON'T KNOW IF
SABLE'S EVEN HERE.
WE'LL FIND OUT IN 30 SECONDS.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WE ARE BACK.
THIS IS THE WAR ZONE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> UH-OH.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WELL, THIS SHOULD BE MOST
INTERESTING, SABLE AND LUNA
BEFORE UNFORGIVEN IN 13 DAYS IN
GREENSBORO.
WELL...
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> YOU LITTLE -- .
I'M FIXING TO KICK YOUR -- .
>> ISN'T THAT SABLE?
>> YEAH.
SABLE IS SIX-SIX NOW.
SHE TOOK A GROWTH SPURT LAST
NIGHT.
>> SHE MUST'VE HAD A BIG EASTER
DINNER.
>> YOU WANT SOME OF SABLE,
HONEY, YOU'VE GOT IT.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WELL, THE ARTIST FORMERLY
KNOWN AS GOLDUST CERTAINLY
MAKING EVERYONE AROUND HIM
PROUD.
>> I GUESS HE'S SABLEDUST
TONIGHT.
>> GOOD LORD.
THAT DRESS WOULDN'T FIT ANNE V,
GOD REST HER SOUL.
>> THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT.
A LITTLE PREVIEW--A LITTLE
PREVIEW OF THE EVENING GOWN
MATCH.
>> OH, YOU TWO NOW, STOP IT,
STOP THAT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, LET ME HELP YOU.
>> OW.
YOU'RE HURTING ME, STOP.
OH, STOP IT, LUNA.
>> THIS IS A REPULSIVE DISPLAY.
>> YOU JUST GOT ME NAKED, YOU'RE
KINKY.
THAT'S IT.
THAT IS IT.
I'M TAKING MY PUMPS OFF AND I'M
GONNA WHOOP SOME BUTT.
>> UH-OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HEY, HEY, HEY.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
THERE'S SABLE, THERE'S SABLE,
SHE'S HERE.
>> WHAT IS--LOOK AT THIS.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> SABLE AND LUNA.
>> OH, MY.
THERE THEY GO
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHAT?
>> THEY'RE RIPPING HER CLOTHES.
>> LOOK AT THIS, THEY'RE GONE.
>> THEY'RE RIPPING IT HIGH.
LUNA HAS TORN SABLE'S BLOUSE.
AND GOLDUST IS GETTING LUNA THE
HELL OUT OF HERE.
>> OH, LOOK OUT, LOOK OUT.
LET THEM GO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHY PULL OFF TOMORROW WHEN
YOU CAN PULL OFF TODAY?
>> WELL, SOMEBODY'S GONNA BE
STRIPPED TO THEIR BRA AND
PANTIES IN GREENSBORO.
I'M SORRY, MAMA, I HAVE TO SAY
THAT.
>> LET'S GET IT ON NOW.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> GOOD LORD, WHAT A--WHAT
A--WHAT ELSE COULD HAPPEN HERE?
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT ELSE COULD
HAPPEN, MCMAHON IS GONNA HAVE TO
WRESTLE STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN
FOR THE WWE TITLE.
>> AND THAT COULD HAPPEN NEXT.
WHO KNOWS?
>> WE ARE BACK LIVE, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, ON THE WAR ZONE.
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN GETTING
READY, BECAUSE HIS MATCH WITH
VINCE MCMAHON, YES, FOR THE WWE
TITLE COULD HAPPEN AT ANY MOMENT
AT ANY SECOND.
AUSTIN COULD BE CALLED OUT,
KING.
>> THIS IS GONNA BE THE GREATEST
THING THAT I HAVE EVER
WITNESSED.
YOU SEE STONE COLD IS LACING UP
HIS BOOTS.
VINCE MCMAHON IS IN THE BACK,
PUMPING UP, MAN.
HE'S GETTING READY.
I'M TELLING YOU, JR, I'VE HAD A
LONG AND ILLUSTRIOUS CAREER.
I'VE SEEN A LOT OF GREAT THINGS,
DROPPING ANDY KAUFMAN ON HIS
HEAD, THAT I THOUGHT WAS
PROBABLY THE GREATEST THING IN
MY CAREER.
BUT TONIGHT, SEEING MCMAHON AND
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN TIE IT
UP IN THIS RING IS GONNA BE THE
GREATEST.
>> [MUSIC]
>> THE GREATEST THING I'VE EVER
SEEN.
>> [MUSIC]
>> THE FOLLOWING NON-TITLE TAG
TEAM MATCH IS SCHEDULED FOR ONE
FALL WITH A TWENTY MINUTE TIME
LIMIT.
MAKING THEIR WAY TO THE RING AT
A COMBINED WEIGHT OF 485 POUNDS,
"THE LETHAL WEAPON" STEVE
BLACKMAN AND "THE WORLD'S MOST
DANGEROUS MAN" KEN SHAMROCK.
>> KEN SHAMROCK LIMPING TO THE
RING AFTER THAT ALTERCATION WITH
THE NATION EARLIER.
>> UH-OH.
>> AND THERE YOU SEE ONE OF THE
MOST INTENSE RIVALRIES IN ALL OF
SPORTS.
FROM THE ULTIMATE FIGHTING...
>> IT'S GONNA BE A BIG...
>> ...WORLD, SHAMROCK AND
SEVERN, THEY HAVE FOUGHT TWICE
IN THE OCTAGON.
EACH MAN WINNING ONCE.
AND THEY DO NOT--AND LET ME
REPEAT TO MAKE IT CLEAR, THEY DO
NOT LIKE EACH OTHER, NOT EVEN
ONE LITTLE BIT.
>> YEAH.
THIS COULD BE THE BIGGEST
ALTERCATION YET HERE FOR KEN
SHAMROCK.
DON'T PUSH, MR. SEVERN.
>> FOLKS, LET US REMIND YOU VERY
QUICK FOR THE BIG EVENT IN
UNIONDALE, LONG ISLAND, THE
NASSAU COLISEUM TOMORROW NIGHT
IS SOLD OUT, BUT WE'RE GONNA BE
WEDNESDAY IN SCRANTON,
PENNSYLVANIA.
THIS THURSDAY, HERSHEY,
HUGE EVENT IN HERSHEY, FRIDAY
NIGHT IN THE NEW PAUL SANGA
CENTER.
FIRST TIME FOR THE WWE IN THAT
FACILITY.
THIS SATURDAY IN NEW HAVEN,
CONNECTICUT.
AS SEVERN HAS BEEN ASKED TO
LEAVE THE RING SIDE AREA
APPARENTLY BY THE REFEREE.
THIS SATURDAY IN NEW HAVEN AND
THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON WITH A
2:00 START IN SPRINGFIELD.
>> DAN "THE BEAST" SEVERN AND
KEN SHAMROCK HAVING A LITTLE BIT
OF A STARE DOWN, BUT NOW THE NWA
TAG CHAMPIONS, THE MIDNIGHT
EXPRESS, TO MEET SEVERN--OR
EXCUSE ME, SHAMROCK AND
BLACKMAN.
>> NOW, WHY WOULD THE REFEREE
RUN DAN SEVERN UP?
WE COULD HAVE SEEN DAN SEVERN
AND KEN SHAMROCK TIE IT UP
TONIGHT.
THAT WOULD BE THE ICING ON THE
CAKE, WOULDN'T IT?
>> IT CERTAINLY WOULD.
I'D LOVE TO SEE THAT SOMEDAY.
AND A HARD KNOCKDOWN BY SHAMROCK
ON BODACIOUS BART.
>> YEAH, BUT MCMAHON AND AUSTIN
IS GONNA BE EVEN BETTER.
IT'S GONNA BE THE BIGGEST, IT'S
GONNA BE THE ULTIMATE.
>> THE WWE TITLE TONIGHT.
VINCE MCMAHON, YES, THE OWNER,
THAT VINCE MCMAHON, TO MEET
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN IN THIS
VERY RING TONIGHT.
NOT TO MENTION, WE'VE GOT THE
HEADBANGERS SCHEDULED FOR
ACTION.
OWEN HART HAS CHALLENGED DX.
>> WHAT ELSE CAN HAPPEN HERE?
>> OH.
>> BIG DROPKICK...
>> BEAUTIFUL.
>> ...BY BOMBASTIC BOB.
BOY, ARE THOSE BODACIOUS AND
BOMBASTIC NAMES MARKETING
GENIUSES?
MY GOD, I CAN SEE...
>> THAT'S EASY FOR YOU TO SAY.
>> ...BUMPER STICKERS ALL OVER
THE COUNTRY.
BODACIOUS AND BOMBASTIC,
CORNETTE, GIVE ME A BREAK.
>> WHAT?
WHAT?
YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH JIM
CORNETTE NOW, HUH?
COME ON, JR. WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
YOU DON'T EVEN SEEM EXCITED
ABOUT THE FACT THAT WE'RE GONNA
SEE YOUR BOSS AND MY BOSS,
MCMAHON IN THE RING TONIGHT.
>> WHY WOULD YOU WANT THIS
COMPANY BROUGHT TO ITS KNEES?
>> HUH?
>> VINCE MCMAHON BEING IN A
HOSPITAL, IT'S NOT GONNA BE GOOD
FOR THIS COMPANY.
THERE'S A BACK SLIDE AND A NEAR
FALL.
AND BOMBASTIC--I'M GONNA SAY
THAT.
I'M NOT SAYING IT NO MORE.
BOB GOING NOW, TRYING TA
HURRICANRANA, GOT ABOUT HALF OF
IT.
>> AND BLACKMAN COULDN'T GET IT
BLOCKED.
>> MORE OF A COMPLIMENT AND A
TAKEDOWN.
>> BLACKMAN, THE ONCE DEFEATED
STEVE BLACKMAN, THE ONLY BLEMISH
ON HIS RECORD AT THE HANDS OF
DOUBLE J.
>> AND BLACKMAN STILL INSIDE HIS
FIRST YEAR HERE IN THE WWE.
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, LET ME SAY
SOMETHING, JR. YOU KEEP TALKING
ABOUT VINCE MCMAHON BEING IN A
HOSPITAL.
I THINK THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
STONE COLD IS THINKING.
I THINK STONE COLD IS THINKING,
"WELL, I CAN GET OUT OF JAIL
BEFORE VINCE MCMAHON GETS OUT OF
THE HOSPITAL."
WELL, LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING,
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN, LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING, JR, YOU
MAYBE COUNTING YOUR CHICKEN
BEFORE THEY HATCH, YOU MAY BE IN
STORE FOR A BIG SHOCK FROM MR.
VINCE MCMAHON.
HE'S NOT A LITTLE--HE'S NOT A
LITTLE SMALL FRY, YOU KNOW.
>> I KNOW THAT.
>> HE'S NO PUSHOVER, HE'S A MAN,
HE'S GONNA FIGHT.
>> WELL, THAT'S WAS IT'S GONNA
BE.
IT'S NOT GONNA BE A WRESTLING
MATCH, IT'S GONNA BE A FIGHT.
>> AND, YOU KNOW, HE WOULD
PROBABLY MAKE THE PERFECT WWE
CHAMPION, WOULDN'T HE?
>> HOW DO YOU FIGURE THAT?
HE'S 52 YEARS OLD.
>> WELL, I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
HE'S...
>> I MEAN WE'RE NOT THE
ORGANIZATION THAT LETS THE OLD
GUYS WRESTLE ALL THE TIME.
>> YEAH.
BUT LISTEN, LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING.
I MEAN, HE'S GOT ALL THE MENTAL
ABILITY AND SMARTER THAN A TREE
FULL OF OWLS.
>> YEAH.
>> I MEAN, YOU KNOW, HE
WOULD--HE WOULD GO OUT THERE AND
HE WOULD--AT LEAST HE WOULDN'T
BE USING ALL THAT COLORFUL
LANGUAGE LIKE STONE COLD STEVE
AUSTIN SAYS EVERY TIME HE'S IN
FRONT OF A TV CAMERA, CONDUCT
HIMSELF LIKE A GENTLEMAN, DRESS
PROPERLY, WEARING THOSE $2500
ARMANI SUITS LIKE THE MAN DOES.
HE--YOU'LL BE PROUD TO CALL HIM
YOUR CHAMPION.
>> HE'D LOOK THE PART.
>> BLACKMAN MAKES A TAG TO
SHAMROCK.
>> OH.
>> AND SHAMROCK, THE MAN WITH
THE PROPENSITY OF SNAPPING.
WE'VE OFTEN SAID THAT SHAMROCK
NEEDS AN ANGER MANAGEMENT
COURSE, SO HE CAN CONTROL HIS
TEMPER AND THAT ANIMALISTIC
ATTITUDE OF HIS.
OH, MY.
POWERSLAM.
>> HE'S BEATING THE WWE
INTERCONTINENTAL CHAMPION RIGHT
NOW.
>> I WONDER WHY HE DIDN'T SNAP A
WHILE AGO WHEN DAN SEVERN WAS
RIGHT IN HIS FACE.
>> MAYBE HE'S TRYING TO WORK ON
THAT.
>> YEAH.
HE BETTER WORK ON IT WHEN
SEVERN'S AROUND.
>> UH-OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> BELLY-TO-BELLY SUPLEX.
SHAMROCK ON ONE LEG HERE AFTER
THAT STREET FIGHT, THAT
IMPROMPTU STREET FIGHT SITUATION
EARLIER WITH THE NATION OF
DOMINATION.
>> AND RIGHT NOW...
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> ...SHAMROCK AND BLACKMAN ARE
DOMINATING THIS MATCHUP.
AND THE REFEREE'S CALLED FOR THE
BELL HERE.
>> WHAT IS THIS REFEREE DOING?
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THE
REFEREE HAS DISQUALIFIED BOTH
TEAMS.
THE OFFICIAL DECISION, A DOUBLE
DISQUALIFICATION.
>> WELL...
>> HEY.
>> ...BOTH TEAMS APPARENTLY NOT
OBSERVING THE REFEREE'S
INSTRUCTIONS AND COMMANDS THERE
TO BREAK HOLDS AND THEY GET ONE
MAN IN THE RING AND ONE MAN OUT.
>> WELL, THE REFEREE'S AN IDIOT.
YOU KNOW WHAT, FIRST HE SENDS
DAN SEVERN TO THE BACK.
WHERE'S EARL HEBNER WHEN WE NEED
HIM?
>> [MUSIC]
>> EARL HEBNER IS GETTING
BETTER.
>> HEY.
YEAH, HE'S GETTING BETTER.
HE'S NOT DEAD.
I THINK YOU'VE BEEN PUTTING THAT
RUMOR OUT ON THE 900 NUMBER.
>> EARL, AS A MATTER OF FACT,
EARL, I WISH YOU WERE HERE TO
REFEREE THIS MATCH.
>> I'M GONNA BE PROUD OF YOU
TONIGHT, VINCE.
YOU'RE GOING TO BREAK HIM
TONIGHT.
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WE'VE JUST BEEN INFORMED, WE'LL
HEAR FROM VINCE MCMAHON NEXT.
>> OH, YEAH.
>> [MUSIC]
>> 10-321 PROUDLY PRESENTS WWE
UNFORGIVEN: IN YOUR HOUSE, IN
JUST 13 DAYS FROM GREENSBORO,
NORTH CAROLINA.
10-321, JUST DIAL AND SAVE UP TO
50% AS WE TAKE YOU NOW TO KEVIN
KELLY IN VINCE MCMAHON'S LOCKER
ROOM.
>> VINCE, ARE YOU AFRAID OF THIS
MATCH WITH STONE COLD STEVE
AUSTIN?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> I'D BE LYING TO YOU IF I
DIDN'T TELL YOU THAT I'VE GOT
BUTTERFLIES IN MY STOMACH.
>> I KNOW, BUT AFRAID?
I PROVED I WASN'T AFRAID OF THE
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
I'M SURE AS HELL NOT AFRAID OF
TED TURNER AND TIME WARNER.
I'M NOT AFRAID OF THE BIG BAD
WOLF.
AND I SURE AS HELL AM NOT AFRAID
OF STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN.
>> THAT'S THE ATTITUDE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S IT.
ALL RIGHT.
>> OH, DADDY, WHAT ABOUT THAT?
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, VINCE IS
GETTING SOME BAD ADVICE.
THIS IS GONNA BE A TRAGEDY.
IT SHOULD NOT HAVE...
>> UH-OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> UH-OH, NOW WE GOT KANE COMING
OUT HERE.
WE SAW UNDERTAKER EARLIER.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> MAN, THIS IS ALL WE NEED KI--
>> [BELL TOLL]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, NO.
IT'S NOT KANE.
>> WHAT?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> IT MUST BE THE UNDERTAKER.
>> THE UNDERTAKER, THAT CARNAGE,
HIS LAST TRIP.
THE HEADBANGERS ARE AWAITING TAG
TEAM ACTION.
>> I WANNA TELL YOU THIS, THE
UNDERTAKER IS IN A FOUL MOOD.
IF I WERE YOU TWO BALDHEADED
IDIOTS, I'D BEAT IT.
>> THE UNDERTAKER WHO WILL MEET
HIS BROTHER, KANE, AS WE KNOW.
AT UNFORGIVEN: IN YOUR HOUSE, 13
DAYS FROM NOW DOWN IN
GREENSBORO.
>> JR, THE UNDERTAKER MAY LIKE
THE HEADBANGERS, ME AND YOU
BETTER GET OUT OF HERE.
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, THAT
FIRST EVER INFERNO MATCH HAS GOT
EVERYBODY WONDERING ABOUT THAT
ONE.
RING WILL BE SURROUNDED BY FIRE.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
THE HEADBANGERS CERTAINLY HAVE
NOTHING TO DO...
>> LOOK AT THIS.
>> THE HEADBANGERS GOT TO DEFEND
THEMSELVES HERE, KING.
>> YEAH, I DON'T BLAME THEM.
UH-OH.
>> HE UNDERTAKER IS SHOWING US
THE TRUE MEANING OF EVIL.
AND I THINK THE UNDERTAKER IS
TAKING THIS TOO FAR.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THESE TWO GUYS HAD NOTHING TO
DO...
>> OH, NO.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> ...WITH THE DESECRATION OF
THE UNDERTAKER'S PARENTS' GRAVE.
HE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT,
KING.
CHOKESLAM.
>> THEY SHOULD HAVE LEFT WHEN
THEY HAD THE CHANCE.
>> UH-OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> MY GOD, THIS HAS GOT TO BE
KANE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> YOU'RE NOT KIDDING.
>> WHO ELSE COULD IT BE?
>> [MUSIC]
>> OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> IT'S HIM.
IT'S KANE.
WE'RE GONNA GET A CHANCE TO SEE
HOW MAD THE UNDERTAKER IS NOW.
OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> GOD, THE HELLFIRE AND
BRIMSTONE, THIS GOES RIGHT TO
YOUR BONE MARROW.
THE MOST EVIL HUMAN BEING IN WWE
HISTORY HAS MADE HIS APPEARANCE.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, WELL, WELL, SO YOU WANT
YOUR LITTLE BROTHER, DO YOU,
RIGOR MORTIS?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> SO, YOU CAN'T WAIT UNTIL IN
YOUR HOUSE, UNFORGIVEN, CAN YOU?
>> I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, DEADMAN,
YOU WANNA FIGHT YOUR OWN FLESH
AND BLOOD, YOU'RE GONNA DO IT ON
PAUL BEARER'S TERMS.
>> WHAT'S HE TALKING ABOUT, JR?
>> THIS IS THE WAY IT'S GONNA
BE.
>> NEXT WEEK ON MONDAY NIGHT
RAW, YOU ARE GONNA FACE YOUR
BROTHER.
>> BUT YOU'RE NOT GONNA FACE HIM
INSIDE THAT RING.
>> YOU ARE GONNA MEET ME AND YOU
ARE GONNA MEET YOUR LITTLE
BROTHER IN THE CEMETERY.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HUH?
>> WHAT?
>> YOU ARE SO WORRIED ABOUT WHAT
YOUR DEAD MOM AND DADDY THINK
ABOUT WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
YOU CAN FIGHT YOUR BROTHER RIGHT
ON THEIR DAMN GRAVES.
>> OH, WHAT A HIDEOUS THING TO
SAY TO A HUMAN BEING.
>> AND WE'LL JUST LEAVE YOU
RIGHT THERE AND SEND YOU BACK TO
HELL WHERE YOU BELONG.
KANE WILL BE THERE, WILL YOU?
>> MY GOD, WHAT A CHALLENGE.
>> WHAT'S HE DOING HERE NOW?
>> OH.
>> WHOA.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WELL, FOLKS, WE'RE GONNA KEEP
YOU INFORMED AS THIS BIZARRE
CHALLENGE, A MATCH IN A
CEMETERY, KING?
>> I DON'T WANT ANY PART OF
THAT, JR. I THINK THAT WILL BE A
GOOD ASSIGNMENT FOR YOU OR
MICHAEL COLE OR SOMEBODY.
YOU BE THERE AND COVER THAT ONE.
>> I DON'T THINK THEY'RE BE BIG
RUSH FOR PRESS CREDENTIALS FOR
THAT ONE.
>> [MUSIC]
>> NEXT WEEK IN A CEMETERY, KANE
AND THE UNDERTAKER.
>> UH-OH.
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THERE YOU SEE HIM, HE'S THE WWE
CHAMPION.
>> AND HE'S ON HIS WAY TO THE
RING.
HE'S ON HIS WAY OUT HERE.
>> STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN, IT'S
GONNA HAPPEN AT ANY MOMENT.
AUSTIN WILL DEFEND THE WWE TITLE
AGAINST THE OWNER OF THIS
COMPANY, VINCE MCMAHON.
>> [MUSIC]
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, STONE
COLD IS ON HIS WAY TO THE RING.
WILL THIS MATCH BE NEXT?
WE'LL FIND OUT WHEN WE COME
BACK.
>> LET'S GO, VAL.
YOU'RE UP.
>> HELLO, LADIES.
PARDON MY APPEARANCE, BUT I WAS
JUST DOING A LITTLE CASTING FOR
MY NEXT FILM ENTITLED LUST IN
SPACE.
YEAH, THE TV SHOW WAS GOOD, BUT
I HAVE A ROCKET IN MY POCKET
THAT WILL TAKE EACH AND EVERY
ONE OF YOU WOMEN ON THE FACE OF
THIS PLANET TO NEW AND EXCITING
HEIGHTS.
LET'S JUST CALL IT VENIS ENVY.
BUT I'M NOT A BRAGGART, MY
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN MY
WORDS.
AND, LADIES, WHEN I EXPLODE
INSIDE THE WORLD WRESTLING
ENTERTAINMENT, LET'S JUST SAY
THAT VAL VENIS WILL GIVE IT HIS
ALL INCH BY INCH.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, ON
A NIGHT THAT VINCE MCMAHON IS
GONNA FIGHT STEVE AUSTIN IN THIS
RING FOR THE WWE TITLE, NOW YOU
GOT THESE TROUBLE ROUSERS HERE,
DX WHO RESPECTS NO ONE.
YOU KNOW, WE FIND OUT THIS
WEEKEND THAT OWEN HART,
CALGARY'S FAVORITE SON, WAS
GONNA CHALLENGE ANY MEMBER OF
DX.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
HE'S ALREADY SCHEDULED TO FACE
TRIPLE H AT UNFORGIVEN, BUT NOW
HE WANTS TO CHALLENGE--SUPPOSE
TRIPLE H ACCEPTS THE CHALLENGE,
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN?
>> UNFORGIVEN IS GONNA BE A VERY
BUSY NIGHT FOR DX.
THE OUTLAWS WILL FACE THE LOD
FOR THE TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP IN
13 DAYS IN GREENSBORO.
>> FINALLY, WE'RE GETTING RID OF
THE--WHAT, LOD 2000?
HEY, BUT DOES THAT MEAN SUNNY
GOES WITH THEM?
>> I GUESS SO.
UH-OH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> [MUSIC]
>> HERE COMES...
>> YOU WORTHLESS DEGENERATES,
ONE OF YOU IS GONNA GET YOUR --
KICKED AND I WANNA KNOW WHICH
ONE OF YOU HAS THE CAJONES TO
STEP IN THE RING WITH ME.
>> YOU KNOW SOMETHING, OWEN?
THAT'S A QUESTION WE'VE BEEN
PONDERING ALL WEEKEND.
JUST THINKING, TOSSING, AND
TURNING AT NIGHT TRYING TO THINK
WHO IT IS THAT'S GONNA TAKE YOU
A PART FOR THE LAST TIME.
SO, WHAT WE DID IS I HAD
EVERYBODY IN DX WRITE A 500 WORD
ESSAY ON WHO WOULD GET TO KICK
OWEN HART'S -- .
WHO WANTED IT THE MOST?
AND I READ THEM, OH, I READ ALL
OF THEM.
AND THEY WERE ALL REALLY GOOD.
I MEAN, MINE WAS A LITTLE BIT
HEADSTRONG IF YOU KNOW WHAT I
MEAN.
>> ROAD DOGG'S WAS WRITTEN ON
THIS LITTLE TINY WHITE PIECE OF
PAPER SAID ZIGZAG OR SOMETHING
ON THEM.
AND HALF OF THEM WERE MISSING.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT HIS WAS
ABOUT.
X-PAC'S WAS MORE SOMETHING THAT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN PRINTED IN LIKE
AN ADULT MAGAZINE.
>> "THE NINTH WONDER OF THE
WORLD" CHYNA, HERS WAS VERY DEEP
AND EMOTIONAL AND BROUGHT A TEAR
TO MY EYE, BUT FRANKLY, THE
VIOLENT THINGS SHE WANTED TO DO
TO YOU IN THAT COULD NOT BE DONE
ON NATIONAL TELEVISION, LET ME
TELL YOU.
BUT THE WINNER BY FAR HAD TO BE
"BADD ASS" BILLY GUNN'S, NOT
ONLY BECAUSE OF THE CLEAR
PROFESSIONAL PLASTIC BINDER IT
CAME IN, BUT THE ILLUSTRATIONS
DEPICTING OWEN HART WITH A SMALL
BARN YARD ANIMAL WERE GREAT.
>> OH, WILL YOU STOP THAT?
>> SO, WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
OWEN, YOUR WINNER, TONIGHT'S --
KICKER, MR. ASS.
>> HOW APPROPRIATE, JR?
>> SO, BILLY GUNN AND OWEN HART
WILL GO ONE-ON-ONE HERE.
>> HEY BILLY, YOU GOT TWO WORDS
FOR HIM?
>> YEAH, SUCK IT.
>> OH.
>> [MUSIC]
>> THAT'S CREATIVE.
>> WELL, OWEN HART IS STEPPING
INTO THE--INTO THE FIRE HERE,
KING, ALL BY HIMSELF.
>> HE'S A LITTLE HESITANT
TO--UH-OH.
>> [MUSIC]
>> OH, MY.
IT'S LOD 2000.
OWEN HART WILL NOT BE ALONE FOR
VERY LONG.
>> [MUSIC]
>> LOD 2000 WITH HUGE SCORES TO
SETTLE WITH DX, THE OUTLAWS
SPECIFICALLY.
OH, THIS HAS GOT TO BE A DANDY
RIGHT HERE.
>> HEY, LOOK.
>> THERE YOU SEE VINCE
MCMAHON...
>> LOOK AT HIS BICEPS.
>> ...PREPARING FOR "STONE COLD"
STEVE AUSTIN.
OH, MY.
>> WE ARE...
>> LOOK AT THAT, ZIGZAG, HE'S
ALL OVER HIM, LOOK AT THAT.
>> WE ARE BACK LIVE, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, TO PHILADELPHIA.
IT IS "BADD ASS" BILLY GUNN
ONE-ON-ONE WITH OWEN HART ON A
NIGHT WHERE "STONE COLD" STEVE
AUSTIN AND VINCE MCMAHON ARE
GONNA FIGHT LATER TONIGHT FOR
THE WWE TITLE.
THERE'S A COVER.
AND OWEN HART TENACIOUSLY KICKS
OUT.
>> REAL QUICK, LET'S GET THE
OPINION OF DX ON MCMAHON AND
STONE COLD.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT, GUYS?
>> I DON'T KNOW, BUT IF
MCMAHON'S GOT ENOUGH MONEY, I'LL
GET HIS BACK.
>> THERE YOU GO.
>> BUT HE GOT TO COUGH THAT
CHEESE TO GET IT DONE WITH THE
DX.
>> YEAH.
THE BOSS GOT TO COUGH MORE OF
THAT CHEESE, THE CHEESE GOT TO
BE ONE THING.
>> WHAT IS YOUR--WHAT WAS
THE--YOUR MOTIVATION SHALL WE
SAY WITH THAT GANG ATTACK ON
DOA?
AND THEN YOU TURN ON LOS
BORICUAS WHO HELPED YOU GUYS.
>> HEY, THAT WAS FUNNY, WASN'T
IT?
>> EXACTLY.
>> THAT WAS SOME OF THE FUNNIER
STUFF I'VE SEEN...
>> THAT'S PRETTY SWEET, DON'T
YOU THINK, JIM?
>> FUNNIER STUFF I'VE SEEN ON
TV.
>> I KNOW--I KNOW KINGFISH
THINKS HE WAS PRETTY SWEET.
>> I THOUGHT IT WAS WHACK.
>> THERE'S A COVER RIGHT THERE.
>> I'LL TELL YOU, THE ONLY THING
FUNNIER THAN THAT IS THOSE
STUPID ROBOCOP SUITS THAT LOD
2000'S WEARING OVER THERE.
>> THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
WHAT WAS THAT?
>> IT'S LIKE A PLASTIC DEFENSE
OUTFIT.
LOOK.
>> YEAH.
WE'RE WITH THE '90S, YEAH, YEAH.
>> KINGFISH, IT'S GOT THEIR AGE
ON THE BELT BAG OF 2000.
>> ARE YOU GUYS GETTING PUMPED
UP AS I WOULD ASSUME YOU ARE, AS
YOU ARE EVERYDAY, BUT ESPECIALLY
FOR UNFORGIVEN IN GREENSBORO?
>> YOU KNOW, THEY'RE GONNA KNOCK
THOSE SILLY SUITS RIGHT OFF THE
GUYS THAT USED TO BE THE ROAD
WARRIORS, USED TO BE SOMETHING
IN THIS BUSINESS.
NOW, THEY'RE JUST LIKE
PLASTIC...
>> OH, THERE'S A HIGH CROSSBODY.
ONE, TWO, A NEAR FALL.
>> UH-UH.
NOT TODAY.
>> TELL ME...
>> LOOK AT THAT.
>> RIPPED HIS HEAD RIGHT OFF HIS
SHOULDERS, UH-UH, BROTHER.
>> THOSE FORMER ROAD WARRIORS...
>> GO ON, BILL.
>> THEY'LL MAKE GREAT ACTION
FIGURES OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT,
HUH?
>> RIGHT.
THEY'RE HOPING THAT THEIR
MERCHANDISE WILL CARRY THEM OVER
THE NEXT FEW YEARS, BECAUSE
THEIR, YOU KNOW, IN-RING
ABILITIES DIED IN ABOUT '85, I
THINK.
>> HEY, WHAT ARE THE--WHAT'S LOD
DOING, STANDING OVER THERE WITH
THEIR THUMBS UP THEIR -- ?
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
JR...
>> HEY, WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE,
WILL YOU?
COME ON.
WATCH THE LANGUAGE.
MAYBE THEY'RE--MAYBE THEY'RE
WANTING TO PROTECT OWEN HART'S
BACK.
MAYBE THEY THINK YOU GUYS ARE
GONNA HAVE ANOTHER GANG ATTACK.
>> WHAT THEY HAVE IN COMMON WITH
OWEN FART?
>> HEY, GUYS, JR LIKES TO KEEP
IT REAL SERIOUS OUT HERE.
>> OKAY, OH, YEAH.
>> WHAT'S SUNNY GOT...
>> I HEARD OWEN WAS LIKE A
12-TIME ALL-AMERICAN, JIM, IS
THAT TRUE?
>> AND WHY WOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT
IT?
SINCE WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU
READ A STORY.
>> WHO CARES?
>> X-PAC'S ALL-AMERICAN, HE WAS
BORN AND RAISED HERE.
>> HEY.
>> HEY, LOOK AT...
>> OWEN HART NOW MAY HAVE HIM
RIGHT HERE.
>> OH.
>> NO, SIR.
>> NO.
RESILIENCY ON THE PART OF THE
ASS, "THE BADD ASS" IF YOU WILL.
HEY, WHAT'S THE ROAD WARRIOR'S
WANT WITH LOD 2000?
>> OH, JESUS.
>> ENZIGURI RIGHT THERE.
>> HEY.
>> BILLY GUNN MAY HAVE BEEN
KNOCKED OUT ON THAT MOVE.
>> COME ON, KICK.
>> ONE, TWO, THREE AND BILLY
GUNN BARELY ABLE TO GET HIS
SHOULDER UP.
>> YOU GUYS...
>> FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
>> FOR PETE'S SAKES.
>> YOU GUYS ARE ANGERING EVERY
PERSON IN THIS COMPANY.
I GUESS YOU KNOW THAT THOUGH.
>> YEAH, WELL...
>> IS THAT YOUR GOAL?
IS THAT--ARE YOU PROUD OF THAT?
>> WELL, YOU HAVEN'T HEARD?
I MEAN, THAT'S OUR--THAT'S OUR
MO, JR.
>> OH, COME ON.
>> JR IS TOO BUSY READING
STATISTICS.
>> YEAH.
>> LOOK AT WHAT--WHAT'S HE
DOING?
NOW, WHY IS HE GONNA DO THAT?
>> OH, THAT'S REALLY FUN FAMILY
ENTERTAINMENT.
>> DOESN'T OWEN KNOW CRACK IS
NOT GOOD FOR YOU?
>> ATOMIC DROP BY OWEN HART.
>> NOW, WATCH.
WATCH OUT FOR THE LOD 2000.
ZIGZAG GOING OVER THERE, MAKE
SURE NOBODY INTERFERES IN THIS
MATCH.
>> WATCH THEIR MANAGER.
WHAT'S HER NAME?
SKANKY.
>> SUNNY.
SUNNY.
>> SKANKY.
>> WHOA.
>> SKANKY, SUNNY, WHATEVER HER
NAME IS.
>> LOOK, I THINK THEY--I THINK
THEY SHOT BILLY WITH SOME KIND
OF RAY GUN OR SOMETHING.
>> SUNNY IS OVER THERE DOING
WHAT'S SHE DOES BEST.
SHE'S GOT A LITTLE HEAD IN HER
HANDS, HOLDING THE HELMETS.
>> SOMETHING--A LITTLE SOMETHING
THERE.
>> FRONT FACELOCK OUTSIDE, BACK
IN OWEN HART, SUPLEX.
>> COME ON, BILLY.
>> WE'VE GOT A COVER AND BILLY
GUNN HAS GOT TO GUT CHECK HERE.
OWEN HART IS TAKING OVER THIS
MATCH.
>> YOU WILL--I DON'T MEAN TO
STEP OVER YOU, JIM.
>> THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
>> BUT YOU WILL NEVER EVER BEAT
ONE OF DX WITHOUT HOOKING THE
LEG.
>> RIGHT.
>> AND IF EVEN THEN, YOU WON'T
BEAT THEM.
>> RIGHT.
>> EVEN IF YOU ARE AN
ALL-AMERICAN.
>> WHOA.
>> COME ON, BILLY.
>> OWEN HART GOING FOR THE
SHARPSHOOTER.
>> LOOK AT CHYNA.
>> CHYNA UP ON THE APRON.
SHE DOESN'T BELONG THERE.
>> LOOK AT OWEN TRYING TO GET TO
A WOMAN.
>> OH, THROWN HIGH IS BILLY
GUNN.
>> WHAT A GOOF.
HOLD ON FOR ONE SECOND.
>> OH, WHERE DID EVERYBODY GO?
GANG ATTACK HERE.
>> NO, NO.
>> OH, I CAN'T BE ONE-ON-ONE.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
>> OH, HELL NO.
>> HUNTER JUST TRYING TO HELP
HIM OUT.
>> HEY, WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING
OVER HERE?
>> LOD IS STEPPING IN HERE.
>> HEY, SOMETHING TO HELP HIM
NOW.
>> FOLK, YOU CAN ALMOST FEEL IT.
>> SOMETHING'S GONNA EXPLODE
HERE ANY MOMENT.
PLUS, MCMAHON AND AUSTIN STILL
TO COME.
>> GRAB HIM, X-PAC, GRAB HIM.
>> WE ARE BACK LIVE ON THE WAR
ZONE.
THE...
>> NOW, THERE'S NO REASON FOR
LOD, YOU SAW THEM COMING OVER
HERE, STICKING THEIR NOSE IN
BUSINESS THEY DON'T BELONG IN,
JIM ROSS.
THEY GOT NO BUSINESS BEING OVER
HERE, STICKING THEIR OLD NOSES
IN OUR BUSINESS.
>> DO YOU LIKE TO REPEAT THAT?
HAVE YOU BEEN SENTENCES TO GET
ALONG?
>> THE BUSINESS OF THEIR
BUSINESS IS NOT BUSINESS OF OUR
BUSINESS, BEING IN THE BUSINESS
WHEN WE'RE OUT HERE DOING
BUSINESS.
>> OWEN HART WITH A MISSILE
DROPKICK.
AND BILLY GUNN IS ON HIS LAST
LEGS HERE.
ONE, TWO.
>> NOTHING.
SEE THAT?
THAT IS THE MARK OF A TRUE
CHAMPION RIGHT THERE.
>> AND YOU GUYS HAVE MY
PERMISSION AND ENCOURAGEMENT TO
JUST SLAP THE HEAD OFF JR HERE
IF HE TRIES TO SMART AFTER YOU.
>> HE JUST FLOATED OFF...
>> COME ON.
>> LEAVE ME ALONE, WILL YOU?
THAT'S THE OTHER GUYS THAT DO
THAT STUFF.
YOU GOT TO BE A LITTLE BIT MORE
CREATIVE.
HOW ABOUT CALLING THE MATCH?
>> YEAH, WELL HOW ABOUT THAT?
>> WHAT AN IDEA.
>> OWEN HART HIT BILLY GUNN WITH
A..
>> A ROCKER DROPPER BY BILLY
GUNN.
>> CALL THE MATCH.
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
LET ME TELL YOU ONE THING RIGHT
HERE, WE DON'T HAVE ANYMORE
COMMERCIAL BREAKS HERE.
AND WE'RE GONNA HAVE THAT WWE
TITLE MATCH WITH MCMAHON AND
AUSTIN.
VINCE MCMAHON, YEAH, HIM THE
OWNER OF THE COMPANY CHALLENGING
STEVE AUSTIN.
NO MORE COMMERCIAL BREAKS.
AND WE'RE GONNA KEEP IT HERE AS
LONG AS IT TAKES TO GET IT DONE.
>> THIS IS GONNA BE THE GREATEST
THING I HAVE EVER WITNESSED.
YOU GUYS ARE GONNA STICK AROUND
FOR THAT, AREN'T YOU?
>> OH, NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
>> OH, MAN.
>> CALL THIS, JIM ROSS.
TALK ABOUT THE COMMANDING LEAD
THAT THE BADD ASS HAS RIGHT NOW
ON OWEN HART.
>> YEAH.
>> GREAT POWERSLAM BY BILLY GUNN
AND...
>> DAMN RIGHT, IT IS.
>> AND THEY WENT...
>> WHAM, BROTHER.
>> AND, OH, OWEN HART WITH A
CRADLE.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
THAT'S IT.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> THAT'S IT.
OWEN WINS, OWEN WINS.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
>> HERE IS YOUR WINNER, OWEN
HART.
>> OH, DX DIDN'T LIKE THAT.
THEY'LL TALK THAT OFF.
YOU CAN TALK ABOUT IT ON THE
SOPHOMORE CLASS FIELD-TRIP.
>> JEEZ.
>> HEY, OWEN'S GOT TWO WORDS FOR
THEM, SUCK IT.
>> HEY.
HEY, JR, THAT'S NOT MY
STANDARDS.
NOW, I'M GOING.
>> DX CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
OH, WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, SO
MANY BIG SHOWDOWNS ARE BUILDING
FOR UNFORGIVEN IN 13 DAYS.
>> BUT WHAT ABOUT THE SHOWDOWN
THAT'S FIXING TO TAKE PLACE NEXT
RIGHT HERE?
WELL, YOU SAID IT, NO MORE
COMMERCIALS.
>> LET'S SHOW--TAKE YOU BACK,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, SHOW YOU
HOW THIS WENT DOWN.
THAT WAS A QUICK POWERSLAM BY
BILLY GUNN.
HE WAS CELEBRATING WAY TOO
EARLY, TOO OVERCONFIDENT, NOT
PAYING ATTENTION, SHOWBOATING,
AND HE GOT HIS MR. ASS BEAT.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> OH, YOU LOVE THAT, DON'T YOU,
JR?
>> OWEN HART OVERCOMING ALL THE
OBSTACLES.
AND NOW, THEY'RE TELLING US IT
WAS A TWO-COUNT.
>> UH-OH, HERE WE GO.
>> WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
>> MY GOD, HE'S RIPPED.
LOOK AT HIM.
>> YOU'RE THE MAN.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
>> GOD, HE LOOKS HUGE.
>> THIS IS THE ONE, VINCE, THIS
IS THE ONE.
>> COME ON, JR, YOU'RE
SPEECHLESS.
>> BAD ADVICE.
>> WE'RE NOT WAITING FOR ANY
COMMERCIAL BREAKS.
THIS IS GONNA TAKE PLACE.
VINCE MCMAHON IS ON HIS WAY TO A
WORLD WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
RING.
HE'S GONNA STEP INTO IT FOR
THE--WELL, FOR THE FIRST TIME IN
A COMPETITION SETTING IN HIS
LIFE.
AND THE WORLD WRESTLING
ENTERTAINMENT TITLE IS ON THE
LINE.
>> WELL, THIS IS GONNA TEAR THIS
COMPANY APART.
THAT'S ALL I CAN TELL YOU.
>> WHY, WHY IS IT?
>> WELL, IT'S A TRAGEDY.
>> IF VINCE MCMAHON BEAT STONE
COLD STEVE AUSTIN AND BECOMES
THE CHAMPION, HE'S GONNA TEAR
THE COMPANY APART?
>> HEY, YOU KNOW, WE'RE NOT THE
COMPANY WHO LIKES TO HAVE SENIOR
CITIZENS AS CHAMP.
>> HEY.
>> OKAY?
>> HEY, VINCE MCMAHON WOULD BE A
GREAT CHAMPION...
>> HE'S 52 YEARS OLD.
>> A MODEL--ROLE MODEL, HE'S A
ROLE MODEL.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> WELL, HE MAY BE THAT FOR...
>> THE FOLLOWING CONTEST IS
SCHEDULED FOR ONE FALL...
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> ...AND IT IS FOR THE WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
CHAMPIONSHIP.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> TURN YOUR VCRS, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, THIS IS UNHEARD OF.
>> INTRODUCING FIRST THE
CHALLENGER, HE HAS BEEN THE
VOICE OF THE WORLD WRESTLING
ENTERTAINMENT FOR 25 YEARS, FROM
GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT, WEIGHING
IN AT TWO HUNDRED AND FORTY-ONE
POUNDS...
>> OH, MY GOSH.
>> ...THE ONE, THE ONLY VINCE
MCMAHON.
>> LOOK AT THIS.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> AND LOOK AT--I CAN'T BELIEVE
GERALD BRISCO AND PAT PATTERSON.
>> LOOK AT THAT WALK.
THAT'S WHAT I MEAN, THAT STRUT.
>> PATTERSON NEEDS SOME
CHAPSTICK.
PATTERSON NEEDS SOME CHAPSTICK.
HE'S BEEN KISSING VINCE'S BUTT
SO LONG.
>> OH, LOOK.
>> HE'S TALKED HIM RIGHT INTO
THIS THING.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
THIS IS WRONG.
VINCE IS GONNA GET HURT AND THEN
WHO'S GONNA RUN THE COMPANY?
>> HEY, LET ME ASK YOU THIS, WAS
PAT PATTERSON NOT A GREAT
WRESTLER IN HIS DAY?
>> YES.
>> WAS GERALD BRISCO NOT A GREAT
WRESTLER IN HIS DAY?
>> DAMN RIGHT.
>> DO YOU THINK THEY HAVEN'T
TOLD VINCE MCMAHON SOME MOVES,
SOME--UH-OH.
NOW, WHAT'S SHANE MCMAHON DOING
COMING OUT HERE?
>> VINCE'S SON, SHANE.
>> DON'T TRY TO TALK HIM OUT OF
IT.
>> KING AND I AGREE, THIS
IS--THIS IS BAD, BAD, BAD
BUSINESS.
>> LOOK, YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
MCMAHON'S GONE THROUGH ALL THIS
WEEK.
YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED LAST WEEK
WHEN STONE COLD HIT--WHAT?
>> GET HIM OUT OF THERE VINCE.
GET HIM OUT OF THERE.
YOU KNOW, VINCE MCMAHON'S WIFE
ALMOST SUED "STONE COLD" STEVE
AUSTIN?
>> FOR WHAT?
>> FOR LACK OF CONTORTION.
YOU SAW WHAT--YOU SAW WHAT STONE
COLD DID TO MCMAHON LAST WEEK,
HIT HIM RIGHT IN THE OLD
CAJONES...
>> YEAH, THAT'S GREAT GERRY,
THAT'S GREAT.
>> I MEAN, MCMAHON HAS BEEN
UNABLE TO PERFORM IN THE
BEDROOM.
AND I DON'T BLAME HIM FOR
TAKING--I MEAN, YOU KNOW, YOU
GOT TO--YOU GOT TO DO WHAT A
MAN'S GOT TO DO AND HE'S FIXED
TO DO IT.
>> WHO'S GONNA RUN THIS COMPANY
IF--I JUST BOUGHT A HOUSE.
I'VE GOT A MORTGAGE TO PAY OFF.
>> [MUSIC]
>> UH-OH.
>> OH, BOY.
>> AND HIS OPPONENT, FROM
VICTORIA, TEXAS, WEIGHING AT 252
POUNDS, HE IS THE WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
CHAMPION, "STONE COLD" STEVE
AUSTIN.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> LOOK AT VINCE.
>> [MUSIC]
>> THE RATTLESNAKE AND THEY'RE
RIGHT BEHIND THE RATTLESNAKE IN
PHILADELPHIA JUST LIKE THEY'LL
DO IN GREENSBORO IN 13 DAYS.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> AND WE STILL DON'T KNOW WHO
AUSTIN'S GONNA FACE, BECAUSE
THERE AIN'T NO WAY IN HELL THAT
AUSTIN'S GONNA LOSE THE WWE
TITLE HERE TONIGHT.
>> HEY, WATCH IT.
HOW ABOUT THEY'LL LOOK AROUND
MCMAHON'S WAIST?
>> VINCE HAS BEEN PROVOKED.
HE'S HAD HIS CORPORATE REAR END
KISSED BY ALL OF THESE YES MEN,
THESE HANGERS ON, THEY SHOULD BE
ON THE PENSION, DAMN IT.
>> OH, YES.
YOU'VE NEVER PLANTED A FEW
SMACKS ON THERE, ROSS.
>> HE'S FIRED ME TWICE, KING.
>> YEAH.
>> I RESPECT HIM A GREAT DEAL,
BUT THIS IS A BAD DECISION.
HE'S GONNA GET HURT.
>> HE MAY FIRE YOU AGAIN TONIGHT
AFTER HEARING THIS COMMENTARY IF
HE WINS THAT TITLE.
LOOK AT THIS.
YEAH, BABY.
>> JR, YOU SEEM AWFULLY CALM.
I CAN'T--I CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT
WE'RE ABOUT TO WITNESS.
>> OH, HE'S NOT CALM, KING.
NOT CALM AT ALL.
>> OH, HERE WE GO.
>> "STONE COLD" STEVE AUSTIN.
>> YEAH.
COME ON, STONE COLD.
YOU'VE SHOT YOUR MOUTH UP SO
MUCH.
YOU FEEL FROGGY, WHY DON'T YOU
JUMP?
>> AUSTIN WITH THAT VERY...
>> LOOK AT--LOOK AT THAT.
>> OH, MY.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> HERE WE GO, BABY, HERE WE GO.
LOOK AT VINCE, HE'S READY.
LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S LIKE A TIGER FIXED TO
POUNCE.
COME ON, VINCE.
>> YOU DON'T SNAP--YOU DON'T
SLAP A RATTLESNAKE, VINCE.
>> PUT THOSE ARMS UP.
>> WHAT'S BRISCO, PATTERSON, AND
SLAUGHTER DOING IN THERE?
>> THE MATCH HASN'T STARTED YET.
>> IT'S NOT A TAG TEAM MATCH,
YOU KNOW.
>> THERE'S JUST ONE THING--JUST
ONE THING, YOU SAID YOU COULD
BEAT VINCE MCMAHON WITH ONE ARM
TIED BEHIND YOUR BACK.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> THAT'S RIGHT, THAT'S RIGHT.
HE SAID THAT.
>> DID YOU SAY THAT?
>> YES, HE DID.
YES, HE DID.
>> I SAID IT.
>> YEAH, YOU SAID IT.
>> YEAH.
>> NOW, LET'S SEE IF YOU'RE A
MAN OF YOUR WORD.
>> OH, MY GOSH.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT
MCMAHON?
>> MR. BRISCO, IF YOU DON'T
MIND, PLEASE DO THE HONORS.
>> WELL, STONE COLD ACTUALLY DID
SAY THAT EARLIER.
>> OH, BABY.
STONE COLD, YOU HAVE BEEN HAD.
>> NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, THE WRONG
ARM.
>> YEAH.
>> LET'S GO WITH THE STUNNER
ARM.
>> OH, YEAH.
>> COME ON, THE STUNNER ARM.
>> OH, THEY'RE GONNA--THEY'RE
GONNA BIND STEVE AUSTIN'S RIGHT
ARM BEHIND HIM.
>> COME ON, HOTSHOT.
>> AUSTIN IS RIGHT-HANDED AND
YES, THAT IS THE ARM HE DELIVERS
THE STUNNER WITH.
>> CINCH IT UP.
>> OH LOOK AT THIS.
EVER HAVE TO EAT YOUR WORDS,
HUH?
EVER SAID SOMETHING YOU WISH YOU
COULD TAKE BACK?
>> THAT'S WHAT YOU SAID.
>> COME ON.
YOU SAID YOU CAN BE BEAT WITH
ONE ARM TIED BEHIND YOUR BACK.
YOU GOT ANY GUTS, LET'S FIND
OUT.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU SAID IT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> VINCE IS ABOUT AS PROPER HERE
TONIGHT AS A TAX MAN.
>> HE'S GETTING OVER WITH ME.
>> TELL HIM, BRISCO.
OH, MAN.
LOOK AT THIS, JR.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> YOU REALLY FIND THIS
HUMOROUS, DON'T YOU, KING?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT?
I LOVE IT WHEN SOMEBODY GETS TO
COME UP AND--WHEN SOME WISE GUY,
WHEN SOME SMART -- LIKE STONE
COLD STEVE AUSTIN WHO THINKS
HE'S SO COOL, WHO THINKS THIS
STUFF DON'T STICK, COMES OUT
HERE AND...
>> CINCH IT UP, GERRY.
CINCH IT UP GOOD, CHECK HIM,
REF.
>> AND THEN GETS HIS FOOT SHOVED
IN HIS MOUTH.
I LOVE IT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> CINCH IT UP.
>> HEY, HEY.
>> THAT'S NOT TIGHT ENOUGH.
COME ON, CINCH IT UP.
>> YEAH, CUT THE CIRCULATION
OFF.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> JR, YOU LOOK A LITTLE PALE.
>> IS THAT TIGHT ENOUGH?
>> WHAT IS GOING THROUGH YOUR
MIND RIGHT NOW, JR?
ARE YOU TRYING TO THINK OF HOW
YOU'RE GONNA ANNOUNCE VINCE
MCMAHON AS THE NEW WORLD
WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT
CHAMPION?
IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH DOING
IT, LET ME DO IT.
I CAN SAY IT WITH PRIDE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> LISTEN TO THESE IDIOTS, A
WHOLE CITY FULL OF IDIOTS,
PHILADELPHIA.
>> IF YOU WANT ME TO WHIP HIS
DAMN -- WITH ONE ARM, GIVE ME A
HELL YEAH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, I THINK IT'S UNANIMOUS
IN THIS ARENA.
>> OH, YEAH.
I THINK THEY WANT IT TO, BUT CAN
HE?
>> IF YOU THINK VINCE MCMAHON
CAN BEAT STONE COLD STEVE
AUSTIN'S -- WITH ONE ARM TIED
BEHIND HIS BACK, GIVE ME A HELL
YEAH.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HEY.
>> WELL, I THINK THE--LOOK AT
AUSTIN.
HE'S STILL GOT THAT GRIN ON HIS
FACE.
>> THAT'LL BE WIPED OFF SHORTLY.
>> AUSTIN WITH ONE HAND TIED
BEHIND HIM.
THE WWE TITLE IS ON THE LINE,
THE CHALLENGER IS THE OWNER OF
THIS COMPANY, THE GEORGE
STEINBRENNER OF WRESTLING.
AND LOOK, I RESPECT GERALD
BRISCO AS MUCH AS FAMILY.
BUT GERALD HAS MADE A HUGE
MISTAKE IN TRYING TO...
>> HOW DO YOU FIGURE?
>> THAT'S MY OPINION.
>> THIS IS BRILLIANT, THIS IS A
BRILLIANT MOVE.
THIS IS THE WAY TO BREAK
SOMEBODY LIKE STONE COLD RIGHT
DOWN TO THEIR KNEES WHERE HE
NEEDS TO BE BROUGHT TO.
HE'S NOT BIGGER THAN THE WWE,
YOU KNOW.
>> I DIDN'T SAY THAT HE WAS.
>> WELL, HE THINKS HE IS.
>> NOBODY'S BIGGER THAN THE
GAME.
>> YEAH.
WELL, STONE COLD THINKS HE IS.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, THAT'S YOUR OPINION,
NOT MINE.
>> YOU'RE FIXED TO GET YOUR HEAD
DEFLATED THERE, BALDY.
YOU'RE GONNA GET BROUGHT DOWN
BACK TO EARTH, A LITTLE REALITY
CHECK, COURTESY OF VINCENT K.
MCMAHON.
>> NEXT THING YOU KNOW, HE'LL BE
PUTTING HIS PICTURE IN THE
CENTERFOLD OF THE WWE MAGAZINE.
>> AND RIGHTFULLY SO, HE'LL BE
THE CHAMPION.
I BET YOU KNOW LINDA'S PROUD
RIGHT NOW.
>> BLESS LINDA'S HEART HAVING TO
ENDURE THIS.
>> ENDURE?
>> THE DAY AFTER EASTER.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> ENDURE?
YOU MEAN RELISH.
WHAT ARE YOU STALLING FOR,
VINCE?
COME ON, GET IT GOING.
>> HE SAID HE HAD BUTTERFLIES IN
HIS STOMACH, PROBABLY MORE LIKE
CONDORS.
>> HEY, WHAT'S HE DOING?
MOUTHPIECE, YES.
A MOUTHPIECE.
YOU DON'T WANT TO CHIP THOSE
PEARLY WHITES.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, HERE WE GO.
>> [MUSIC]
>> WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
WE GOT...
>> [MUSIC]
>> WHAT IS DUDE LOVE...
>> ...THAT DUDE WANTS TO KNOW,
CAN'T WE ALL JUST GET ALONG?
I'VE GOT TO LEVEL WITH YOU,
PHILADELPHIA.
THE DUDE DOES NOT FEEL A WHOLE
LOT OF LOVE OUT HERE TONIGHT.
>> HEY, WAIT A MINUTE, JR.
>> I DON'T--HE'S--HE WAS STEVE
AUSTIN'S TAG TEAM PARTNER.
>> RIGHT.
>> THAT'S DUDE LOVE.
>> BUT STEVE-O, AS YOU KNOW,
THERE'S ONLY ONE CAT WHO CAN
BRING PEACE TO THE WAR ZONE AND
THAT'S DUDE LOVE.
>> VINCE, THIS IS SOME KIND OF
TRICK.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> NOW, STONE COLD, I KNOW YOU
GOT YOUR HEART SET ON PUTTING
SOME HEAVY DUTY BOOTY TO UNCLE
VINNY, BUT THE DUDE HAS GOT TO
PUT THE VETO TO THIS ONE.
>> HUH?
>> OH, WE ARE TIGHT, STEVE-O,
ABOUT AS TIGHT AS TWO CATS CAN
BE, BUT YOU GOT TO UNDERSTAND,
STEVE-O, VINCE MCMAHON WRITES
THE CHECKS THAT LETS THE DUDE
LIVE THE KIND OF LIFE THAT THE
DUDE LIKES TO LIVE.
>> YEAH, YOU BETTER REMEMBER
THAT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> SO I GUESS YOU COULD SAY,
UNCLE VINNY, YOU ARE MY MCMAIN
MAN.
>> VINCE LOOKS FRUSTRATED, HE
WANTS TO GO.
>> GET OUT OF THE RING THEN.
>> BUT I WANT YOU TO REMEMBER
ONE THING AND REMEMBER IT GOOD,
WHEN YOU LOOK AT "STONE COLD"
STEVE AUSTIN, YOU'VE GOT YOUR
EYES SET ON THE WORLD'S TOUGHEST
SOB, AND HE CAN PUT YOU DOWN ON
YOUR A-S-S JUST LIKE...
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> OH, VINCE.
HE JUST SHOVED DUDE LOVE DOWN.
>> WHAT?
VINCE IS READY TO GET IT ON,
BABY.
>> YOU JUST MADE THE WORLD'S
BIGGEST MISTAKE.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT THE MANDIBLE CLAW.
DUDE GOING FOR THE MANDIBLE CLAW
TO MCMAHON.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
GET HIM OUT OF THERE.
>> DUDE LOVE IS TRYING TO PUT
THE MANDIBLE CLAW ON VINCE
MCMAHON.
WHAT THE HELL...
>> HE GOT THE CLAW ON AUSTIN.
DUDE LOVE WITH THE MANDIBLE CLAW
ON STONE COLD.
>> WHAT?
>> DUDE LOVE HAS PUT THE
MANDIBLE CLAW ON THE WWE
CHAMPION.
AUSTIN IS GOING OUT.
DUDE LOVE HAS ASSAULTED THE WWE
CHAMPION, AND WHY?
WHY?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> DOES MICK FOLEY KNOW WHAT
HE'S DOING?
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> HE'S AN IDIOT.
>> HIS CACTUS JACK PERSONA SAID
GOODBYE LAST WEEK.
>> YOU CAN SAY ALL YOU WANT, BUT
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO IF YOU
WANT THE CAT DOWN, THAT CAT'S
STAYS DOWN.
>> VINCE SEEMS IRATE THAT HE'S
NOT GONNA--OH, STONE COLD UP.
AND LOOK AT--I CANNOT
BELIEVE--WHY IS DUDE LOVE--WHY
IS HE DOING THIS?
NOW, HE'S GOT THE CLAW BACK ON
AUSTIN.
AND MCMAHON JUST WANT TO HIT THE
RING TOO.
>> COME ON, DUDE.
>> ENOUGH, PLEASE, PLEASE.
>> CONE ON, TOUGH GUY.
>> DUDE IS STEALING MCMAHON'S...
>> YOU STOLE HIM.
>> GET IN THERE, VINCE.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WELL, VINCE OBVIOUSLY, THANKS
TO DUDE LOVE HAS STOLEN THE
SPOTLIGHT FROM THE OWNER OF THE
COMPANY.
BUT THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT THE
WWE CHAMPION WITH ONE HAND TIED
BEHIND HIM IS GETTING THE HELL
KICKED OUT OF HIM BY DUDE LOVE.
>> LOOK AT THIS.
>> STEVE AUSTIN IS--HE CAN'T
DEFEND HIMSELF.
THE MANDIBLE CLAW DRILLING DEEP,
DEEP DOWN INTO THE GULLET OF THE
WWE CHAMPION.
>> WHAT IN THE HELL IS GOING ON
HERE?
>> LOOK AT MCMAHON, HE WANTS
BACK IN THERE.
>> AUSTIN MAY NOT MAKE IT.
>> YOU WANT A PIECE OF THE DUDE
TOO, THEN STEP RIGHT UP, BECAUSE
I GOT PLENTY MORE WHERE THAT
CAME FROM.
>> UH-OH, HERE WE GO, MCMAHON
AND...
>> DUDE LOVE NOW...
>> ...DUDE LOVE NOW.
>> DUDE LOVE CHALLENGED VINCE
MCMAHON.
>> LOOK AT THIS, HE'S MOCKING
HIM.
>> I CANNOT BELIEVE DUDE LOVE
HAS ASSAULTED THE WWE CHAMPION.
>> NOW, HE'S--WELL, THEY'RE
COMING HERE NOW, COMING AROUND
HERE NOW.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> UH-OH.
>> AND AUSTIN IS GONNA FIGHT
BACK.
>> LOOK AT HIM.
>> THE RATTLESNAKE STRIKES WITH
ONE ARM.
MY GOD, AND AUSTIN DRIVEN INTO
THE SECURITY RAILING.
WHAT A--GOD ALMIGHTY, WHAT A
CHAOTIC NIGHT.
GOOD GOD, WHAT--WHAT'S WRONG
WITH--GET OUT.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH
YOU?
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> I GUESS ONE THING IS FOR
SURE, STONE COLD IS NOT THAT
TOUGH AFTER ALL.
HAVE MERCY.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> GET HIM UNTIED OR SOMETHING,
JR.
HELP HIM.
>> WHERE'S MY MUSIC?
>> IF YOU THINK THAT WAS
SOMETHING...
>> [MUSIC]
>> UH-OH.
THERE HE GOES.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> I'M AFRAID OF THAT.
>> [BELL RINGING]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> [MUSIC]
>> THE WINNERS OF THIS BOUT,
THE LEGION OF DOOM 2000,
THE UNDERTAKER, AND THE WORLD
WRESTLING FEDERATION CHAMPION,
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN.
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> [MUSIC]
>> I CAME HERE TO PUT THE TITLE
ON THE LINE AGAINST VINCE
MCMAHON AND THE CHICKEN --
BASTARD DIDN'T COME OUT HERE TO
FIGHT.
HE CAME OUT HERE TO DANCE
AROUND.
I DIDN'T COME TO PHILADELPHIA TO
GET SOMEBODY'S FINGERS JAMMED
DOWN MY DAMN THROAT.
IF YOU THINK SOMEONE'S GONNA GET
THEIR SORRY -- WHIPPED BY STONE
COLD NEXT WEEK, GIVE ME A HELL
YEAH!
>> [CROWD CHEERING]
>> YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT!
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROWD CHEERING]